booth	[solidcore]	[solidcore] is a 50-minute, full body workout in a class-based fitness studio with no more than 13 clients in class at a time. We use slow and controlled full-body movements with constant tension to work your muscle fibers to failure. This low-impact process forces your muscles to rebuild a more sculpted, stronger and [solid] you. Each class has a certified [solidcore] coach that motivates you the entire time to push yourself further than you would on your own. And with small class sizes, you are guaranteed a personalized, personal training-like experience every time.	pride-alliance	solidcore.com--newline--
booth	10 Billion Lives Tour	Watch a 4-minute video, get paid a dollar!	pride-alliance	10billionlives.com--newline--
booth	Abbvie Hepatitis C Community Education Program	The Hepatitis C Community Educator Program is an educational program designed to help patients learn more about hepatitis C.  The objective of the program is to facilitate help-seeking on the part of patients and consumers, so that they are seen by an appropriate health care professional for the disease, and are well-informed regarding the condition.	pride-alliance	hepceducate.com--newline--
booth	ABC 7	ABC7/WJLA is the local ABC affiliate for the greater Washington area. It is owned and operated by Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. Its sister cable station, NewsChannel 8, has delivered local news and community information for more than 20 years.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-ABC-7.jpg	wjla.com--newline--
booth	Adas Israel Congregation	 Adas Israel seeks to create a unique, shared space where we can discover what it means to be human and to be part of a sacred community. Through the medium of Judaism, we foster moments that celebrate the joy and wonder of being alive, of being connected to the world, of feeling amazed by life, of being awed by God, of finding intimacy & connection in the presence of each other.     In that joy and wonder, we seek to travel the path of sacred action, kindness, and repairing the world. 	pride-alliance	adasisrael.org--newline--
booth	Adonis Underwear by Kyhry	The sexiest online boutique selling the hottest underwear for men.	pride-alliance	adonisunderwear.com--newline--
booth	ADT	For more than a century, ADT has been one of today's most trusted, well known brands in the industry. Today, we serve more than six million customers, making us the largest company of our kind in both the U.S. and Canada.  Our broad and innovative set of products and services Ü from interactive home and business solutions to home health services Ü exist to meet a range of customer needs for today's active and increasingly mobile lifestyles.	pride-alliance	adt.com--newline--
booth	Advocates for Survivors of Torture and Trauma	Since 1994, ASTT has offered comprehensive psychological counseling and human services case management support to survivors of torture and trauma seeking political asylum in DC and Baltimore.     In 2015, ASTT established the ASTT LGBT Initiative (ALIVE) for the purpose of connecting our LGBT clients with the larger LGBT community in Washington, DC and to serve as a community of support for those who might not otherwise find the support they need.    We are dedicated to the mission of ensuring our clients gets the support they deserve and are proud to be part of the vibrant LGBT community in Washington, DC.	pride-alliance	astt.org--newline--
booth	Affirmation LGBT Mormons, Families & Friends	Support, Fellowship and Advocacy Organization for LGBT Mormons, their families and friends. 	pride-alliance	affirmation.org--newline--
booth	Affordable Home Fix Services	Home Improvement Services	pride-alliance	affordablehomefix.com--newline--
booth	AFGE (American Federation of Government Employees	The American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE) is the largest federal employee union representing 650,000 federal and D.C. government workers nationwide and overseas. Workers in virtually all functions of government at every federal agency depend upon AFGE for legal representation, legislative advocacy, technical expertise and informational services.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-AFGE.gif	afge.org--newline--
booth	AFSP (American Foundation for Suicide Prevention)	The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention is the leader in the fight against suicide. We fund research, offer educational programs, advocate for public policy, and support those affected by suicide. Led by CEO Robert Gebbia and headquartered in New York, AFSP has 75 local chapters with programs and events nationwide. Review our Annual Report to learn more about AFSP's life-saving work, and join the national conversation on suicide prevention by following AFSP on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube._	pride-alliance	afsp.org--newline--
booth	AHF	Los Angeles-based AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF),a nonprofit, tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization, is a global organization providing cutting-edge medicine and advocacy to more than 420,000 patients in 36 countries. We are the largest provider of HIV/AIDS medical care in the U.S. A truly independent voice in our mission to rid the world of AIDS, AHF's operating capital comes from our own self-created social enterprises.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-AHF.jpg	aidshealth.org--newline--
booth	All Souls Memorial Episcopal Church	The mission of All Souls Church is to be a Christ-centered sanctuary where a diverse community worships and serves. We live this mission through faithful celebration of the Eucharist, Christian Education, and loving nurture of both members and neighbors.	pride-alliance	allsoulsdc.org--newline--
booth	Amber Forever Amber	Authentic amber jewelry. Pride rings, opal and sterling.	pride-alliance	amberforeveramber.com--newline--
booth	American Civil Liberties Union of the Nation's Capital	The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is the nationwide non-profit, non-partisan organization devoted to ensuring free speech, equal rights, and other civil liberties.	pride-alliance	aclu-nca.org--newline--
booth	American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, National Capital Area	The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) is the leader in the fight against suicide. We fund research, create educational programs, advocate for public policy, and support survivors of suicide loss.To fully achieve its mission, AFSP engages in the following Five Core Strategies:  -Fund scientific research  -Offer educational programs for professionals  -Educate the public about mood disorders and suicide prevention  -Promote policies and legislation that impact suicide and prevention  -Provide programs and resources for survivors of suicide loss and people at risk, and involve them in the work of the Foundation  	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-American-Foundation-for-Suicide-.jpg	afsp.org/ncac--newline--
booth	American Military Partner Association	The American Military Partner Association (AMPA) is committed to education, advocacy, and support for the partners, spouses, families, and allies of LGBT service members and veterans.	pride-alliance	militarypartners.org--newline--
booth	American University Pride Alumni Alliance	American University Pride Alumni Alliance (AU Pride) connects and engages the LGBT and ally communities of AU Alumni through celebrating diversity and increasing visibility. Achieving these goals lies in the continued engagement of our Pride Alumni through active participation, volunteer opportunities, philanthropic commitment to American University, and raising awareness of the issues affecting the LGBT and ally communities at large.	pride-alliance	alumniassociation.american.edu/aupride--newline--
booth	Americans United for Separation of Church and State	Americans United for Separation of Church and State is a nonpartisan educational organization dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation as the only way to ensure religious freedom for all Americans.  Founded in 1947, Americans United works in the courts, in Congress and state legislatures, at the White House and in the arena of public opinion. 	pride-alliance	au.org--newline--
booth	Ameritech Construction	Ready to make some exterior upgrades on your home? Ameritech is a energy efficient company that works on the exterior of your home, such as Windows, Doors, Siding, Trim and Roofing. Come get a free estimate today!	pride-alliance	superwindows.com--newline--
booth	Amnesty International USA	Amnesty International USA (AIUSA) is the U.S. section of Amnesty International, a Nobel Peace Prize-winning, global movement of more than 7 million people in more than 190 countries who campaign for a world where human rights are enjoyed by all. The organization investigates and exposes abuses, educates and mobilizes the public, and works to protect people wherever justice, freedom, truth, and dignity are denied.	pride-alliance	amnestyusa.org--newline--
booth	Amtrak	The National Railroad Passenger Corporation, Amtrak, is a corporation striving to deliver a high quality, safe, on-time rail passenger service that exceeds customer expectations. Learn all about Amtrak here from every angle.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Amtrack.jpg	amtrak.com--newline--
booth	Anestasia Vodka	Distilled 5x and filtered 5x, AnestasiA Vodka™ is delightfully smooth, delicious, and naturally gluten-free. Our multi-award-winning decanter type bottle is made using recycled materials. Enjoy responsibly.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Anestaia.jpg	anestasiavodka.com--newline--
booth	Annapolis Best Twins Movers	Count on Annapolis Best Twins Movers, a leading moving company in Annapolis and Baltimore and nearby suburbs for high-quality moving assistance at an affordable price. We specialize in local and long-distance moves for commercial and residential customers. We are a full-service moving company that is totally committed to providing quality service and ensuring satisfaction for each and every customer.	pride-alliance	annapolisbesttwinsmovers.net--newline--
booth	Apple Frankie's	Food Vendor	pride-alliance	applefrankies.com--newline--
booth	Ardiente	We are a GLBT Night club Promoting Only Saturday nights at Phase1ofDupont. We Also help community with HIV Testing. With Empoderate, Salud INC.	pride-alliance	fb.com/Noch3Ardiente--newline--
booth	Arena Stage	Coming this summer to Arena Stage, a world-premiere musical from the Tony-nominated heirs to Rodgers and Hammerstein (Variety) and the Tony-nominated director of Rent, Next to Normal and If/Then. DEAR EVAN HANSEN stars Ben Platt (Pitch Perfect) and runs July 10 - August 23. Ticket information is available at www.arenastage.org.	pride-alliance	arenastage.org--newline--
booth	Arlington Gay & Lesbian Alliance (AGLA)	AGLA is a vibrant, grassroots membership organization that strives to improve the quality of life and meet the needs of the Arlington lesbian, gay, bisexual, & transgender (LGBT) community and allies through education and leadership. AGLA reflects the diversity of Arlington and builds relationships with civic groups and community leaders.    Through social activities, we provide a safe and comfortable community. Through nonpartisan political outreach, AGLA earns the respect of community leaders and ensures that LGBT voices remain an integral part of the local government decision-making process. Through community service projects, we reflect our commitment to improving the quality of life.	pride-alliance	agla.org--newline--
booth	Association of Welcoming & Affirming Baptists	The Association of Welcoming & Affirming Baptists is the National Voice for LGBTQ and Allied Baptists. Since 1993 AWAB has been supporting churches in being and becoming Welcoming and Affirming of all people regardless of gender identity or sexual orientation.  The AWAB churches in the DC/MD/VA area include  Calvary Baptist, Riverside Baptist, Covenant Baptist, New Hope Baptist/UCC, Twinbrook Baptist, Ravensworth Baptist, Washington Plaza Baptist, Commonwealth Baptist and the Empowerment Liberation Cathedral.  AWAB has been marching in the Capitol Pride Parade for the last 11 years.	pride-alliance	awab.org--newline--
booth	Astroglide	We exist to inspire any and every individual to explore pleasure and intimacy unlike any other with our products. As one of the world’s top-selling personal lubricants, Astroglide® creates smooth, long-lasting sexual experiences with our trade secret formula that provides the highest level of slipperiness and retains its lubricating property for hours.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Astroglide.gif	astroglide.com--newline--
booth	AT&T	AT&T is bringing it all together - helping people mobilize their worlds - with advanced mobile services, next-generation TV and high-speed Internet services, and smart solutions for businesses.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-ATT.jpg	att.com--newline--
booth	AtlasVet	AtlasVet strives to provide the best medical care for companion animals in Capitol Hill and the Washington, DC area. We accomplish this by having an educated, friendly staff, by using the most up-to-date medical techniques and equipment, by providing proactive animal health care solutions to the community, and by helping pet owners understand and strengthen the human-animal bond. 	pride-alliance	atlasvetdc.com--newline--
booth	AXIOS/DC	AXIOS/DC is the LGBT Eastern Christian fellowship of the national capital area.	pride-alliance	axiosdc.org--newline--
booth	BAE Systems Inc	BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, a global defense, security and aerospace company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services.	pride-alliance	baesystems.com--newline--
booth	Balance Gym	Come join us for a workout and see why we're DC's Best Gym! 	pride-alliance	balancegym.com--newline--
booth	Barefoot Wine	In 1965 most people were tinkering with cars in their garage. Davis Bynum was tinkering with wine. He created Barefoot Bynum Burgundy in that tiny room. But our spirited ways really began with our founders, Michael Houlihan and Bonnie Harvey. In 1986, they took a sleepy label and gave it Sole. Both agreed it was time for a wine that didn't take itself too seriously. So, Barefoot Cellars was created (Bonnie liked the name because it was easy to pronounce) and initially run out of their home. Some say the office was so small you had to go outside to change your mind.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Barerfoot-Wine.jpg	barefootwine.com--newline
booth	Bartered Threads	Resale Boutique 	pride-alliance	barteredthreads.com--newline--
booth	Bath Fitter	Info on bath safety and how our products can help	pride-alliance	bathfitter.com--newline--
booth	Be You Fashion	Handmade Hats and Bags, Jewelry from Madagascar	pride-alliance	beyoufashion.com--newline--
booth	Beldon Home Solutions	Beldon Home Solutions is a company that install LeafGuard gutters systems  and replacement windows. 	pride-alliance	leafguard.com--newline--
booth	Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream	From a renovated gas station in Burlington, Vermont, to far-off places with names we sometimes mispronounce, the journey that began in 1978 with 2 guys and the ice cream business they built is as legendary as the ice cream is euphoric.	pride-alliance	dcbenjerry.com--newline--
booth	Bennet St Media	At bennett st. media we believe in making high end production accessible to everyone.  Whether you're a small nonprofit or a Fortune 500, our mission is to provide the highest quality production without bloated production budgets. Our team brings you 30+ years of combined production experience, combining razor sharp efficiency with the attention to detail clients have come to expect from bennett st. media.  The internet is ours. Let's make something!	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Bennet-Media.jpg	bennettstmedia.com--newline--
booth	Bet Mishpachah	The Washington,DC area's GLBT synagogue, embracing and celebrating the diversity of sexual and gender identities. We meet every Friday evening at 8 PM and on the 2nd & 4th Saturday morning at 10 AM at the DC JCC  on 16th & Q Sts NW.	pride-alliance	betmish.org--newline--
booth	Big Bus Tours	Big Bus Tours is the largest, privately owned operator of open-top sightseeing tours in the World, providing tours in 16 cities and across three continents and is committed to providing a premium product with excellent vehicles and unbeatable customer service.   The Big Bus tour of Washington DC takes you to all the famous landmarks and reveals the nation's capital's fascinating history; from the legacy of Abraham Lincoln to L'Enfant's visionary city plan, to the stunning memorials and their inspiring stories.	pride-alliance	bigbustours.com--newline--
booth	Blue Dog Boarding and Daycare Kensington	Providing award winning  dog daycare, cat and dog boarding, and grooming. View your dog on our web cams while you are away.We are open for 6am til 9pm every day of the year.  Our indoor facility is climate controlled with a turf yard for your dog's bathroom needs.	pride-alliance	dogboarding.net--newline--
booth	Bobby McKey's Dueling Piano Bar	Looking for an exciting venue to host your next office party, FUNraiser, birthday, or girls night out?  Bobby McKey's is the one and only Dueling Piano Bar in the D.C. area, and will certainly give you an experience like NO other.  We are a high-energy, interactive Dueling Piano Bar, blending all request live music with improvisational humor & providing entertainment for everyone. 	pride-alliance	bobbymckeys.com--newline--
booth	Boeing	Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. A top U.S. exporter, the company supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training.	pride-alliance	boeing.com--newline--
booth	Booz Allen Hamilton	Excellent client serviceÜour highest callingÜtakes the best people from all walks of life to solve our clients toughest problems. Thus, the principles and practices of diversity and inclusion are woven into every aspect of how we operate.  -Ralph W. Shrader, Booz Allen Chairman of the Board  At Booz Allen, we believe diversity of thought contributes to more innovative ideas, which in turn drives better results not only for our clients, but also for the world around us.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Booz-Allen-Hamilton.gif	boozallen.com--newline--
booth	Borderstan.com	We are a hyperlocal news publisher covering Dupont, Logan, U Street and Columbia Heights	pride-alliance	borderstan.com--newline--
booth	Branchville Volunteers	Volunteer Fire Department located in Prince George's County, providing Fire/EMS services to College Park, Greenbelt, Hyattsville, and surrounding jurisdictions. We are a 100% Volunteer Fire Company who happily serve the citizens of Prince George's County for free!	pride-alliance	bvfco11.com--newline--
booth	Brianne K. Nadeau, Councilmember Ward 1	Office of the Councilmember for Ward 1 in Washington, D.C.	pride-alliance	brianneknadeau.com--newline--
booth	BRO	BRO is a new social app just for men! BRO is for men interested in finding real friends, dates, and long-term relationships with other guys. Go beyond one night stands, hookups, & fake profiles to find your true BRO!	pride-alliance	bro.social--newline--
booth	Calvary Baptist Church	An opening and affirming Baptist Church	pride-alliance	calvarydc.org--newline--
booth	Capital Area Food Bank	The mission of the Capital Area Food Bank is to feed those who suffer from hunger in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area by acquiring food and distributing it through our network of member agencies; and to educate, empower and enlighten the community about the issues of hunger and nutrition.	pride-alliance	capitalareafoodbank.org--newline--
booth	Capital Area Rainbowlers Association	The Capital Area Rainbowlers Association (CARA) is a member-supported organization composed of gay and lesbian bowling leagues in the metropolitan Washington, DC area. CARA serves to promote the sport of bowling in the national capital area's GLBT community.	pride-alliance	carabowling.org--newline--
booth	Capital Center for Psychotherapy and Wellness	A safe, comforting environment complete with psychologists, a massage therapist, a nutritionist, and an acupuncturist. 	pride-alliance	capitalpsychotherapy.com--newline--
booth	Capital One	Headquartered in McLean, Virginia, Capital OneŒ offers a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients in the U.S., Canada and the UK.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Captilal-One.gif	capitalone.com--newline--
booth	Capital Party Rentals	Capital Party Rentals is here to help with all of your rental needs!  We have a wide variety of rental items, including tents, tables, chairs, linen, etc.  We look forward to helping you customize your next party, festival or wedding!	pride-alliance	capitalpartyrentals.com--newline--
booth	Capital Splats Racquetball League	A league for DC area racquetball enthusiasts of all skill levels.  	pride-alliance	capitalsplats.org--newline--
booth	Capital Tennis Association	The Capital Tennis Association is a not-for-profit organization that coordinates and promotes the sport of tennis among the DC metropolitan LGBT community. CTA is one of the largest and most active LGBT sports organizations in the DC area, with more than 300 current members.	pride-alliance	capital-tennis.org--newline--
booth	Capitol Canines Animal Rescue	Capitol Canines Animal Rescue is a nonprofit, volunteer-based animal rescue organization that advocates on behalf of homeless animals abandoned in severely under-resourced shelters throughout the Southeast region of the U.S. We place each adoptable companions into foster homes until his or her perfect furever home comes along. Furthermore, we endeavor to circulate knowledge and promote initiatives that support compassion toward animals, such as responsible companion animal relationships, as well as legislative objectives, policies, and procedures that promote the humane treatment and better overall welfare of our four-legged friends.	pride-alliance	capitolcanines.org--newline--
booth	CareFirst ProPride	CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is a not-for-profit, non-stock health services company which, through its affiliates and subsidiaries, offers a comprehensive portfolio of products and administrative services to individuals and groups in Maryland, the District of Columbia and portions of Northern Virginia.	pride-alliance	/www.carefirst.com--newline--
booth	Casa Ruby	Casa Ruby is a multicultural LGBT  organization providing educational, health, housing and social services to individuals facing poverty In the nations capital. We focus on the needs of Transgender, queer and gender non conforming gay, lesbian, bisexual as well as  youth and LGBT immigrants.	pride-alliance	casaruby.org--newline--
booth	CCWDC-UCC	Open and Inclusive church in South East DC	pride-alliance	ccwdc.org--newline--
booth	Celebrity Cruises	What sets Celebrity apart from other vacation choices today is the cruise line's passionate dedication to providing guests with a cruise experience that embodies modern luxury. This has become the definition of Celebrity Cruises, and has set the worldwide standard for today's expression of what first made cruising famous -- high quality, superior design, spacious accommodations, grand style, attentive service and exceptional cuisine.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Celebrity-X-Cruises.gif	celebritycruises.com--newline--
booth	Centaur MC/ Leather Contingent	Members of the local Leather and Levi Clubs of Washington DC along with Mr. Mid-Atlantic Leather 2015 and other Leather Titleholders	pride-alliance	centaurmc.net--newline--
booth	Central Intelligence Agency	The CIA is an independent agency responsible for providing national security intelligence to senior US policymakers.  The CIA's mission: We are the eyes and the ears of the nation and, at times, its hidden hand.  We accomplish the mission by:  collecting intelligence that matters; providing relevant, timely, and objective all-source analysis; conducting covert action at the direction of the President to preempt threats or achieve US policy objectives.    Applicants must have US citizenship and the ability to successfully complete medical examinations/security procedures including a polygraph examination.  Applicants must apply online (www.cia.gov) in order to be considered for any position.  	pride-alliance	cia.gov--newline--
booth	Chavez Schools 	The Chavez Schools' mission is to prepare scholars to succeed in competitive colleges and to empower them to use public policy to create a more just, free, and equal world.	pride-alliance	chavezschools.org--newline--
booth	Chesapeake and Potomac Softball (CAPS)	CAPS is a social softball organization catering to the LGTB community in the DC/MD/VA region. 	pride-alliance	capssoftball.org--newline--
booth	Chipotle	When Chipotle opened its first restaurant in 1993, the idea was simple: show that food served fast didn't have to be a fast-food experience. Using high-quality raw ingredients, classic cooking techniques, and distinctive interior design, we brought features from the realm of fine dining to the world of quick-service restaurants.  Over 20 years later, our devotion to finding the very best ingredients we canÜwith respect for animals, farmers, and the environmentÜis shown through our Food With Integrity commitment. And as we grow, our dedication to creating an exceptional experience for our customers is the natural result of cultivating a culture of genuine, rewarding opportunities for our employees.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Chipotle.gif	chipolte.com--newline--
booth	Chocolate City Burlesque & Cabaret	DC's newest burlesque troupe dedicated to celebrating the African American experience and preserving the history of black burlesque. We don't just put on shows, we create an experience. #CCBC prides itself on being part of the larger WDC community. 	pride-alliance	chocolatecityburlesque.com--newline--
booth	Choice Hotels	LGBT Employee Resource Group representing Choice Hotels International which is one of the largest and most successful lodging companies in the world. Choice currently franchises more than 6,300 hotels, representing more than 500,000 rooms, in more than 35 countries and territories.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Choice-Hotels.jpg	choicehotels.com--newline--
booth	Church of the Pilgrims	Church of the Pilgrims is a diverse, inclusive, contemporary congregation with a sense of history located in Dupont Circle and affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.). We are a More Light Church, welcoming LGBTQ persons into full participation, including leadership, sacraments, and marriage. We have a long-standing commitment to the city, serving the homeless and engaging the struggle for justice and peace.	pride-alliance	churchofthepilgrims.org--newline--
booth	ChurchesUnitedInPride	Metropolitan Community Churches from DC, Maryland, and Virginia are coming together to celebrate Pride and proclaim God's radically inclusive love. MCC, a forerunner in the effort to attain marriage equality, is a powerful voice in the LGBTQIA movement, where ALL of God's children are welcomed. The Unity Fellowship Church Movement joins MCC, sharing its message that God is love and love is for everyone. GROW Continuum, an interfaith ministry that supports each person in having a personal experience of God, is also part of our Pride faith coalition. Together we are _ChurchesUnitedInPride”.	pride-alliance	mccdc.com--newline--
booth	CIC Wealth	CIC Wealth takes a holistic approach to financial planning.  We are experienced in handling the challenges and relevant issues that many of our LGBT clients face.  We help you design a strategy and educate you about your investments to help you live worry-free now and in the future. CIC Wealth is respected in the industry and the financial media, writing frequently for the Wall Street Journal, Forbes and a myriad of other financial publications.  Securities and advisory services offered through Commonwealth Financial Network, Member FINRA/SIPC, a Registered Investment Adviser.  Fixed insurance products and services offered through CES Insurance Agency	pride-alliance	cicwealth.com--newline--
booth	Citi Community Development (LGBT Employees)	Citi Community Development leads Citi's commitment to achieving financial inclusion and economic empowerment for underserved individuals, families and communities by working with nonprofit and public agencies across the country to expand access to financial products and services, build sustainable business solutions and forge innovative partnerships.	pride-alliance	citigroup.com--newline--
booth	City Dogs Rescue	We are a Washington DC based non profit organization that rescues dogs from high kill shelters in the region and finds those dogs forever homes in the DC metropolitan area.	pride-alliance	citydogsrescuedc.org--newline--
booth	Cleveland Park Congregational United Church of Christ	Cleveland Park Congregational Church is a member of the United Church of Christ, a mainstream Protestant denomination.  Our church, founded in 1918, has been active in the life of Cleveland Park and Washington ever since.    We are a church that is always stretching and growing, trying to be faithful to God's call to love our neighbor as ourselves.  Like other Congregational UCC churches, we arrived early on issues of justice and equality.  For example, our pastor performed a marriage to two long time members as soon as the District of Columbia passed the Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment.	pride-alliance	https:www.cpcchurch.org--newline--
booth	Closet America	Custom Organizational Closet, Home Office, Garage, Pantry and Mudroom Systems	pride-alliance	closetamerica.com--newline--
booth	Cobalt	Cobalt has been setting the standard for years. Still wildly popular today, the _place to be seenî keeps it fresh and innovative with an unparalleled lineup of the city's most eclectic DJs, electric parties, and a staff that has all the class without the attitude.	pride-alliance	cobaltdc.com--newline--
booth	Coldwell Banker	The Coldwell Banker brand is the oldest and most established residential real estate franchise system in North America. In fact, in many ways it was the original real estate _start up.î Founded by young entrepreneurs Colbert Coldwell in 1906 and later Benjamin Banker, Coldwell Banker changed the way people bought and sold homes across America, ultimately becoming one of the most trusted real estate brands in the world. More than 100 years later, the Coldwell Banker network is still continuously recognized for its innovation and leadership across 3,000 offices in 49 countries and territories.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Codewell-Banker.jpg	coldwellbanker.com--newline--
booth	Compassion Over Killing	Compassion Over Killing (COK) is a national nonprofit 501(c)(3) animal advocacy organization headquartered in Washington, DC, with an additional office in Los Angeles, CA. Working to end animal abuse since 1995, COK focuses on cruelty to animals in agriculture and promotes vegetarian eating as a way to build a kinder world for all of us, both human and nonhuman.	pride-alliance	cok.net--newline--
booth	Congregation Etz Hayim	Celebrating 75 years in Arlington, Virginia! Our services are egalitarian and open to participation for our longtime and newest members, as well as guests. We are affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.	pride-alliance	etzhayim.net--newline--
booth	Councilmember Charles Allen - Ward 6	Charles Allen, Ward 6 member of the DC Council	pride-alliance	charlesallenward6.com--newline--
booth	Councilmember Jack Evans	DC Councilmember for Ward 2.	pride-alliance	jackevans.org--newline--
booth	CSC	CSC is a global leader of next-generation information technology (IT) services and solutions. Our mission is to enable superior returns on clients' technology investments through best-in-class industry solutions, domain expertise and global scale.	pride-alliance	csc.com--newline--
booth	D.C. Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking	The D.C. Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking regulates the insurance, securities and banking industries here in the District of Columbia to ensure they follow the laws, rules and regulations of the city. The agency also ensures that consumers are treated fairly by these companies.  	pride-alliance	disb.dc.gov--newline--
booth	Dacha Beer Garden	DC's best beer garden located in the beautiful Shaw neighborhood.	pride-alliance	dachadc.com--newline--
booth	DARCARS	We have a strong and committed sales staff with many years of experience satisfying our customers' needs.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Darcars.jpg	darcars.com--newline--
booth	Darryl! Moch	Our primary work is connecting people to resources, advocacy, and empowering individuals and families to seek, access, and participate in a wide range of services and activities that will improve the conditions their lives. We provide health information resources, with community partners we provide access to health screenings including general health awareness and prevention screenings and HIV, Hepatitis C, and other sexually transmitted infection screenings. With our ministerial partner, Inner Light Ministries, we provide youth engagement activities, safe space activities, safe space activities for LGBTQ youth, family support services and counseling.   	pride-alliance	innerlightinc.org--newline--
booth	DC Brau	We are Washington DC's First Production Brewery since 1956.  We are a brewery for the people! Our mission is to provide delicious Craft Beer to every citizen of the District and surrounding areas, while giving back to the community who supports us. 	pride-alliance	dcbrau.com--newline--
booth	DC Central Kitchen	Each day, DCCK converts produce and leftover food into 6,300 free meals for hungry and homeless individuals in our community. We believe that the best way to feed our city's line of hungry people is to shorten it; each of our programs pairs food with empowerment. Our Culinary Job Training program enrolls unemployed adults with histories of homelessness and incarceration, preparing them for new careers. Our Healthy Corners program offers quality food and nutrition education, targeting hunger and in our city. These initiatives advance our mission of using food as a tool to strengthen bodies, empower minds, and build communities.	pride-alliance	dccentralkitchen.org--newline--
booth	DC Council Chairman Phil Mendelson	Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia	pride-alliance	chairmanmendelson.com--newline--
booth	DC Front Runners	DC Front Runners is a running, walking and social club serving Washington DC's LGBT community and their friends for over 30 years. Membership is open to all people regardless of age, gender, race, pace or sexual orientation.	pride-alliance	dcfrontrunners.org--newline--
booth	DC Gurly Show and DC Kings	Pushing beyond gender boundaries, the DC Kings is a drag king performance troupe whose performances include but are not limited to male impersonation, singing, lip syncing, and comedy.     Started in 2005 the DC Gurly Show is a unique LGBTQ burlesque troupe built to foster an encouraging and supportive community and educate performers in the style of burlesque.    Both group accept all shapes, sizes, colors, and orientations, and is an open, safe space for novice and seasoned performers to grow.   	pride-alliance	dckings.com--newline--
booth	DC Leather Pride	Bringing together the leather community in Washington, D.C. Central source for pride events & leather/fetish clubs for the LGBT community and friends.	pride-alliance	/DCLeatherPride--newline--
booth	DC Office of Human Rights	The District of Columbia Office of Human Rights (OHR) was established to eradicate discrimination, increase equal opportunity and protect human rights for persons who live in or visit the District of Columbia. The agency enforces local and federal human rights laws, including the DC Human Rights Act, by providing a legal process to those who believe they have been discriminated against. OHR proactively enforces human rights in the District through Director's Inquiries, which allow it to identify and investigate practices and policies that may be discriminatory. In addition, the agency  oversees implementation of the Language Access Program and Citywide Youth Bullying Prevention Program.	pride-alliance	ohr.dc.gov--newline--
booth	DC Public Library	The District of Columbia Public Library is a vibrant center of activity for residents and visitors in the nation's capital. The library provides environments that invite reading, learning and community discussion and equips people to learn all their lives, to embrace diversity and to build a thriving city. We are proud to be a recognized force in the community for engaging the mind, expanding opportunities and elevating the quality of life.	pride-alliance	dclibrary.org--newline--
booth	DC Public Schools	DCPS is the public school system for the District of Columbia, serving over 46,000 students. 	pride-alliance	dcps.dc.gov--newline--
booth	DC Rawhides	The DC Rawhides promote country western dancing among the LGBT community by teaching and holding  the twice monthly dance--Town and Country.	pride-alliance	dcrawhides.wordpress.com--newline--
booth	DC Rock Jocks	Your connection to rock climbing for the LGBT community of the greater Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.	pride-alliance	dcrockjocks.com--newline--
booth	DC Strokes Rowing Club	DC Strokes Rowing Club (DCSRC) is committed to building an inclusive environment, fostering personal growth, and promoting a spirit of sportsmanship. DCSRC programs offer opportunities for all rowers, regardless of experience level. Today, DCSRC is one of only a handful of dedicated, independent LGBT rowing clubs in the world.	pride-alliance	dcstrokes.org--newline--
booth	DC Water	DC Water is the largest advanced wastewater treatment plant in the world.    Vision-Provide world-class water and wastewater services as a leading steward of the environment.    Mission-Serve all of our customers with outstanding service by providing reliable and cost-effective water and wastewater services in accordance with best practices.    Values-  1) Respectful, responsive, and sensitive to the needs of our customers and employees  2) Ethical and professional conduct  3) Vigilant to ensure optimal health, safety and environmental outcomes  4) Dedicated to teamwork and cooperation  5) Committed to equity, trust, and integrity in all that we do	pride-alliance	dcwater.com--newline--
booth	DC Water	DC Water is the largest advanced wastewater treatment plant in the world.    Vision-Provide world-class water and wastewater services as a leading steward of the environment.    Mission-Serve all of our customers with outstanding service by providing reliable and cost-effective water and wastewater services in accordance with best practices.    Values-  1) Respectful, responsive, and sensitive to the needs of our customers and employees  2) Ethical and professional conduct  3) Vigilant to ensure optimal health, safety and environmental outcomes  4) Dedicated to teamwork and cooperation  5) Committed to equity, trust, and integrity in all that we do  	pride-alliance	dcwater.com--newline--
booth	DC's Different Drummers	DC's Different Drummers (DCDD) is a premier all-volunteer, community instrumental music organization in the Washington, DC region. Founded in 1980 to provide support and community for LGBT musicians, DCDD has grown to an organization with three major ensembles and over a hundred instrumental musicians.  The organization includes the Different Drummers Marching Band; the Capital Pride Symphonic Band, DC Swing! and various small ensembles.  DCDD provides a supportive environment for LGBT and allied members to present quality instrumental music programming that entertains, challenges, educates, and inspires.	pride-alliance	dcdd.org--newline--
booth	DCRCC	The DC Rape Crisis Center is a non-profit organization (501(c)(3)) and the designated sexual assault coalition for the District of Columbia. DCRCC is one of the first rape crisis centers in the nation and has spent the past 43 years listening to the stories of survivors of sexual assault. In our 43rd year, we are working to power a culture of consent.	pride-alliance	dcrcc.org--newline--
booth	Deloitte	Deloitte provides audit, consulting, financial advisory, risk management, tax and related services to select clients across the globe. Deloitte is made up of a network of firms and has various Business Resource Groups that support and promote Deloitte's diverse and inclusive culture. Deloitte Consulting has scored 100% on the Human Right's Campaign Corporate Equality Index for the last eight years and has won many other awards and accolades from respected groups including Fortune and DiversityInc for its strong commitment for workplace inclusion.	pride-alliance	deloitte.com--newline--
booth	Denizens Brewing Co	Denizens Brewing Co is the DC area's only gay-owned and women-owned brewery. Open since July 2014, Denizens has produced over 20 brews and always has a rotating selection at their location in downtown Silver Spring, MD. Their two-level taproom and 200 seat beer garden is a five minute walk from the Silver Spring metro stop on the red line. 	pride-alliance	denizensbrewingco.com--newline--
booth	Department of Energy	The mission of the Energy Department is to ensure America's security and prosperity by addressing its energy, environmental and nuclear challenges through transformative science and technology solutions.	pride-alliance	energy.gov--newline--
booth	Diageo Rainbow Network	A diverse place to work is a great place to work. Our network of employee resource groups plays a vital role in creating an inclusive culture at Diageo. One of the best-established groups, the Rainbow Network, took celebration to the streets for Pride Parade in June.	pride-alliance	diageo.com--newline--
booth	Dignity/Washington	A Community of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Catholics, Our Families, and Friends	pride-alliance	dignitywashington.org--newline--
booth	District of Columbia Aquatics Club (DCAC)	DCAC is a high-energy swim team and social club whose mission is to promote competitive and fitness swimming for lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transgender, and their friends in a team-oriented, coached setting that welcomes all ages and ability levels!	pride-alliance	swimdcac.org--newline--
booth	District Smoke Style	Cannabis Style is a DC based retailer of high quality clothing, paraphernalia, and information.  Our organization aims to continue the push to legalize marijuana, with a portion of profits going to DC Norml.org	pride-alliance	Cannabisstyle.com--newline--
booth	Dog is Good	Dog is Good is a Dog Lifestyle company creating and marketing gifts and apparel for dog lovers. They have also developed a reputation for generously giving back to animal welfare organizations.    The company's success lies in its ability to deliver a simple message in a way that resonates with dog lovers. With clever and poignant sentiments, they remind us all how great it feels to be with Dog.	pride-alliance	dogisgood.com--newline--
booth	Donate Life - Be A Donor	As the federally-designated organ procurement organization (OPO) for the Washington region, WRTC is responsible for responding to every potential organ, tissue and eye donation. All hospitals are required by law to call their local OPO on every death and every imminent death. With one call to WRTC, a complex and sophisticated donation process brings together a donor, a donor family, surgical recovery and transplant teams, patients on the transplant waiting list, and ultimately patients who benefit from tissue transplants. 	pride-alliance	beadonor.org--newline--
booth	Donor Sibling Registry	The Donor Sibling Registry (DSR) was created in September 2000, by Wendy Kramer and her son, Ryan. Certain that other donor offspring would have the same curiosity as Ryan about his genetic origins - yet also knowing that sadly, no public outlet existed for mutual consent contact between people born from anonymous sperm donation, this site was started as the logical next step to making those connections. The DSR currently has 45,700 members (One third of DSR parents are LGBT) and has helped to connect 12,050 donor conceived people with their half siblings and/or their donors. 	pride-alliance	donorsiblingregistry.com--newline--
booth	DORTCHDESIGNS	Anthony Dortch is nothing if not playful, at least when it comes to creating - and describing - his colorful mixed-media artwork. All of Dortch's artwork is inspired by his love of comic books. He embellishes and manipulates photography to inspire and engage building from the principle: No One Is Ordinary.	pride-alliance	dortchdesigns.com--newline--
booth	Dulles Triangles	Dulles Triangles is THE social club for area gays, lesbians, bisexuals, transgendered and their family and friends. We offer an alternative SOCIAL outlet for GLBT folks with a wide variety of activities such as: parties, movies, theater, dinners, travel, tours, camping... pretty much whatever our members can think of. Check out our web site or follow us on Meetup and Facebook.	pride-alliance	dullestriangles.com--newline--
booth	Dupont Circle ANC 2B	ANC that proudly hosted the first pride day and continues to host the Capital Pride Parade every year. 	pride-alliance	dupontcircleanc.net--newline--
booth	Dupont Circle Citizens Association (DCCA)	Since 1922, Dupont Circle Citizens Association has worked for a neighborhood where all people are welcome.  Members and Scoop the dog are proud to live in a diverse, neighborly, green, clean, safe, historic and welcoming neighborhood. 	pride-alliance	dupont-circle.org--newline--
booth	Dupont Festival	Organize and impliment a wide range of activities in Dupont Circle, including but not limited to world cup soccer, movies, plays, groundhogs day and police appreciation.	pride-alliance	dupontfestival.org--newline--
booth	Eastern Women's Baseball Conference	For over 20 years, the Eastern Women's Baseball Conference (EWBC) has been providing opportunities for women and girls in the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore metropolitan area to play baseball. The league currently features four teams playing in a season, which begins in May and goes through August. The EWBC provides indoor training and workouts during the winter months.  For competitive players, the EWBC also has an all-star team _ the DC Thunder _ that plays in regional and national tournaments.	pride-alliance	easternwomensbaseball.org--newline--
booth	Edward Jones Investments	Paul Sexton, Financial Services	pride-alliance	edwardjones.com--newline--
booth	Episcopal Church of the Ascension	Ascension is a thriving inclusive, diverse, and multi-cultural faith community in the Episcopal Diocese of Washington. No matter where one is on one's spiritual journey, all are welcome. Our ministries include inspiring worship (with preaching & music); Christian formation for adults, youth, and children; outreach to those in need, local and global; social justice advocacy; pastoral care in times of loss, crisis, or transition; fellowship/sister-ship for young adults, young parents, seniors, women & men, and LGBT persons and families; opportunities for discovering and exercising one's spiritual gifts; ecumenical and interfaith partnerships. We are a place to be, belong, and become.  	pride-alliance	ascensionsilverspring.org--newline--
booth	Erie Insurance	Who is Erie Insurance? We've been helping people make things right since 1925, working side-by-side with the best insurance Agents in the business.  We're not one to boast, brag or bombard you with billions of dollars of advertising. Ever since our founder H.O. Hirt coined the phrase, _Above all in SERVICESM,î our approach has been simple: overwhelm our Customers with fantastic service and great value. In short, let their satisfaction do the talking.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Erie-Insurance.gif	erieinsurance.com--newline--
booth	Ernest Walker	Founded in 1985  Us Helping Us, People Into Living, Inc. (UHU) is one of the largest gay-identified Black AIDS organizations in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area.  The mission of UHU is to improve the health and well-being of Black gay men through innovative programs and services, and _ through a vision of inclusiveness _ to reducing the impact of HIV/AIDS in the entire Black community.  Today, UHU specializes in HIV risk reduction interventions for Black men who have sex with men (MSM) and provides HIV counseling and testing, mental health services, and case management 	pride-alliance	uhupil.org--newline--
booth	Ernst & Young LLP	Ernst & Young is a global leader in assurance, tax, transactions and  advisory services.	pride-alliance	ey.com--newline--
booth	Events DC	The energy and spirit of our visitors and residents are what have transformed Washington, DC into one of the most desirable event destinations in the world. Events DC is the face of conventions, sports, entertainment, and cultural events proudly offered by our nation's capital.  Whether you are an event promoter, meeting planner, or an attendee, when it comes to experiencing events against the backdrop of a historic city, we ask you to look no further than Events DC.	pride-alliance	eventsdc.com--newline--
booth	Ex Lapide	Ex Lapide is a free Virginia Tech alumni society for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, questioning alumni and their allies.	pride-alliance	diversity.vt.edu/alumni/el/index.html--newline--
booth	Eye Doctors of Washington	Time to stop hiding behind your glasses and get LASIK eye surgery!  Eye Doctors of Washington will be raffling off a FREE LASIK procedure at this year's event.   Our surgeons have performed over 50,000 LASIK procedures, and are considered among the most experienced Ophthalmologist in the country, using the most state-of-the-art technology.  Stop by our booth at the Festival to enter to win and say goodbye to fumbling with contact lenses and glasses and LOVE your Life with LASIK! 	pride-alliance	edow.com--newline--
booth	Facebook DC	The world's largest social network.	pride-alliance	--newline--
booth	Fairfax Cryobank	Local Sperm Bank that offers almost 400 Anonymous and Identity Donors. Online Donor Search lets you select a donor based on what is important to you. Upload a photo to find the most resembling donors. No sperm bank does more testing. We offer home shipment (with a doctor's consent) and local pick-up to save shipping costs. We proudly serve the LGBT community. We will work with you to find the ideal donor	pride-alliance	fairfaxcryobank.com--newline--
booth	Falls Church News-Press	Gay-owned, progressive Northern Virginia weekly newspaper	pride-alliance	fcnp.com--newline--
booth	Family & Youth Initiative	Family & Youth Initiative (DCFYI) creates enriching lifetime relationships for teens at risk of aging out of foster care. We help those teens develop lasting relationships with caring adults. Please join us if you would like to help a teen by becoming a mentor, host parent, or adoptive parent.	pride-alliance	dcfyi.org--newline--
booth	Family Equality Council	Family Equality CouncilÎ is the national organization dedicated to the promotion of both lived and legal equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer parents and their families. We foster supportive communities, educate the public, and pursue policy change to advance legal recognition and societal opportunity to thrive for all families, especially those headed by LGBTQ parents.	pride-alliance	familyequality.org--newline--
booth	FCKH8	FCKH8.com is a for-profit T-shirt company with an activist heart and a passionate social change mission: arming thousands of people with pro-LGBT equality, anti-racism and anti-sexism T-shirts that act as _mini-billboardsî for change.	pride-alliance	fckh8.com--newline--
booth	Federal Bureau of Investigation	The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is an intelligence-driven and a threat-focused national security organization with both intelligence and law enforcement responsibilities. The mission of the FBI is to protect and defend the United States against terrorist and foreign intelligence threats, to uphold and enforce the criminal laws of the United States, and to provide leadership and criminal justice services to federal, state, municipal, and international agencies and partners. Discover why now, more than ever, there is no other career like an FBI career.	pride-alliance	fbijobs.gov--newline--
booth	Federal Triangles Soccer Club	DC's GLBT (and GLBT-friendly) soccer organization. We have men's, women's and coed teams and our own Summer league. 	pride-alliance	federaltriangles.org--newline--
booth	Flaggots Ohio	Flaggots Ohio is an international award winning GLBTQA performance ensemble that entertains crowds at Pride Parades and Festivals across the Mid-West through the art of colorguard.	pride-alliance	flaggotsohio.org--newline--
booth	Food & Friends	The mission of Food & Friends is to foster a community caring for men, women and children living with HIV/AIDS, cancer and other life-challenging illnesses by preparing and delivering specialized meals and groceries in conjunction with nutrition counseling.	pride-alliance	foodandfriends.org--newline--
booth	Food Lion	Food Lion, based in Salisbury, N.C., since 1957, operates more than 1,100 grocery stores in 10 Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic states. Our company proudly employs more than 63,000 associates and serves approximately 10 million customers a week.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Food-Lion.gif	foodlion.com--newline--
booth	Foundation Angie	Fundacion Angie fue incorporada en 2012con un proposito servirle ala comunidaden general sin distincion de nacionalidad origen o preferencias.	pride-alliance	/FoundationAngieOfficial--newline--
booth	Freddie's Beach Bar	Gay Bar/ Karaoke	pride-alliance	freddiesbeachbar.com--newline--
booth	Friendship Hospital for Animals	Friendship Hospital for Animals provides high-quality, compassionate veterinary care to the cats and dogs of the Washington DC metro area. We have been accredited by the American Animal Hospital Association (AAHA) for over 50 years.     Whether your companion is a puppy or a kitten, an adult or a senior, Friendship provides wellness care and state-of-the-art specialty services†including oncology, internal medicine, neurology and surgery†all under one roof.    To best meet the needs of our clients and patients, we are open 24 hours a day, every day, all year long.	pride-alliance	friendshiphospital.com--newline--
booth	Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance 	GLAA lobbies/educates the Mayor and D.C. Council on LGBT issues and work in coalitions to pass pro-LGBT legislation. We rate candidates on their LGBT-related records and answers to our questionnaire.	pride-alliance	glaa.org--newline--
booth	Gay Men's Chorus of Washington, DC	The Gay Men's Chorus of Washington, DC delights audiences and champions gay equality with robust artistry, fun and surprise.	pride-alliance	gmcw.org--newline--
booth	Gay Men's Health Collaborative 	The GMHC is a prevention program provides HIV testing, hosts events, workshops, and weekend retreats focused on the social, mental, and sexual health of men who are gay, bi, SGL and transgender in Northern Virginia.  	pride-alliance	inova.org/gmhc--newline--
booth	Gay Spirits	GaySpirits is a series of workshops designed to help gay men explore their gay and spiritual selves. Over the past 5 years hundreds of men have found meaning in the safe, friendly, spirited space.	pride-alliance	gayspirits.com--newline--
booth	Gentle Giant Moving Company	Gentle Giant is the premier moving and storage provider for Washington D.C.	pride-alliance	gentlegiant.com--newline--
booth	George Mason University LGBTQ Resources Office	GMU LGBTQ Resources  Offers a safe, open, welcoming space for all people interested in understanding LGBTQ issues. We also provide direct services to LGBTQ students; including advising, advocacy, counseling and referral, education and training, group and workshop facilitation, and leadership development at George Mason University. 	pride-alliance	lgbtq.gmu.edu--newline--
booth	George Mason University Police Department	Police Department for George Mason University	pride-alliance	gmu.edu/police--newline--
booth	Georgetown Day School	Georgetown Day School is an independent Pre-k through 12th grade school in Washington, DC. Founded in 1945 as the first racially integrated school in the District, GDS honors the integrity and worth of each individual within a diverse school community. From the earliest grades, GDS encourages their students to wonder, to inquire, and to be self-reliant, laying the foundation for a lifelong love of learning. Their website is www.gds.org.	pride-alliance	gds.org--newline--
booth	Gertrude Stein Democratic Club	The Gertrude Stein Democratic Club is the voice of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) Democrats in the District of Columbia. Established in 1976, Gertrude Stein is one of the oldest Democratic clubs in the District and is a founding chapter of the National Stonewall Democrats. The Gertrude Stein Democratic Club maintains active members in each of the 8 wards of the District of Columbia.	pride-alliance	steindemocrats.org--newline--
booth	GIWC	GIWC is a place where ALL people can experience God's love, power and instruction.    We focus on transforming lives, helping God's people reach their divine destiny and evangelism to help the needs of others.	pride-alliance	giwc.org--newline--
booth	GLIFAA LGBT+ Pride in Foreign Affairs Agencies	GLIFAA represents lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender personnel, their families and their straight allies (LGBT+) in the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), Foreign Commercial Service, Foreign Agricultural Service, Peace Corps and other foreign affairs offices of the U.S. Government.  Officially recognized as a State Department and USAID employee association, GLIFAA advances diversity and workplace equity in U.S. foreign affairs agencies and human rights for LGBT people around the world.	pride-alliance	glifaa.org--newline--
booth	GLINT, World Bank GLOBE, and International Organizations in D.C	We are the combined LGBT groups and our friends and allies of the Embassies in D.C., the World Bank Group and other international organizations in DC	pride-alliance	glintdc.com--newline--
booth	GLOE 	GLOE - The Kurlander Program for GLBT Outreach & Engagement _ connects GLBT Jews (and our friends!) at the DC Jewish Community Center. GLOE is the only full-time GLBT program at any JCC, anywhere in the world, and is proud to serve as a resource and a model for the Jewish community.     GLOE hosts more than 40 queer Jewish cultural programs each year - across the arts, social justice, the holidays, and social events - with incredible artists, activists, and newsmakers. Whether you're a member of the tribe or just a bagel-chaser, you're welcome at GLOE.  	pride-alliance	dcjcc.org/gloe--newline--
booth	Gold Key Resorts	Resort timeshare development company marketing for Virginia Beach and Outer Banks by selling vacation packages and offering vacation information.	pride-alliance	gkvacations.com--newline--
booth	Green Lantern 	A DC institution and a favorite neighborhood bar offering something for everyone is really the best way to describe the Green Lantern.  Located in a brightly lit alley just off Thomas Circle at the southern end of Washington DC's trendy 14th Street corridor, the Green Lantern offers a comfortable friendly ambience that will make anyone feel right at home.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Green-Lantern.png	greenlanterndc.com--newline--
booth	GW LGBT Alumni Association	The GW LGBT AA represents the interests of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) GW alumni to the University and to provide advisory support for GW's LGBT alumni programs.  The GW LGBT AA fosters connections with the LGBT alumni community through events, reunions, networking opportunities and other special activities and supports university initiatives for current LGBT students at GW.	pride-alliance	alumni.gwu.edu/lgbt-alumni-association--newline--
booth	Habitat for Humanity	At Habitat for Humanity, we build. We build because we believe that everyone, everywhere, should have a healthy, affordable place to call home. More than building homes, we build communities, we build hope and we build the opportunity for families to help themselves.	pride-alliance	habitat.org--newline--
booth	HAHSTA	The HIV/AIDS, Hepatitis, STD and TB Administration (HAHSTA) is the core District government agency to prevent HIV/AIDS, STDs, Tuberculosis and Hepatitis, reduce transmission of the diseases and provide care and treatment to persons with the diseases. HAHSTA partners with health and community-based organizations to offer testing and counseling, prevention education and intervention, free condoms, medical support, free medication and insurance, housing, nutrition, personal care, emergency services, and direct services at its STD and TB Clinics and more for residents of the District and the metropolitan region. HAHSTA administers the District's budget for HIV/AIDS, STD, Tuberculosis, and Hepatitis programs, provides grants to service providers, monitors programs, and tracks the incidence of HIV, AIDS, STDs, Tuberculosis, and Hepatitis in the District of Columbia.	pride-alliance	doh.dc.gov/page/hivaids-hepatitis-std-and-tb-administration-hahsta--newline--
booth	Hard Rock Café	Since 1971, Hard Rock has been committed to a wide range of philanthropic causes and activities around the World. Our passionate and dedicated team members in our Local Ambassador Program help our communities on a daily basis. As Hard Rockers, our actions are guided by mottos, which can be seen on the walls of every Hard Rock Cafe, Hotel and Casino location, and help us in our goal to make the Earth a safer, healthier and better place for all.	pride-alliance	hardrock.com--newline--
booth	Heart to Hand	To provide support, education, and resources that promote healthy lifestyles, decrease health disparities and increase access to quality health care. 	pride-alliance	hearttohandinc.org--newline--
booth	Heineken	Heineken International is a Dutch brewing company, founded in 1864 by Gerard Adriaan Heineken in Amsterdam. As of 2012, Heineken owns over 190 breweries in more than 70 countries and employs approximately 85,000 people.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Heineken.jpg	heineken.com--newline--
booth	Helping Hands Affordable Veterinary Surgery and Dental Care	We offer advanced surgery and dental care for pets at affordable prices.  Most surgeries and under $1000 and dentals are around $200.  Our mission is to prevent economic euthanasia of pets.	pride-alliance	affordablepetsurgery.com--newline--
booth	Hilton	As the most recognized name in the industry, travelers the world over have been saying _Take me to the Hiltonî for almost a century. And because of our innovative approach to products, amenities and service, Hilton continues to be synonymous with hotel across the globe. Hilton Hotels & Resorts remains the stylish, forward thinking global leader of hospitality _ and we help make traveling easier with our smart design, innovative restaurant concepts, authentic hospitality and commitment to the global community.	pride-alliance	hilton.com--newline--
booth	Historical Society of Washington DC	For more than 120 years, the Historical Society of Washington, D.C. has helped preserve depictions of the city's built environment through paintings and photographs.  The Historical Society aims to continue the tradition of capturing Washington's built environment through the arts. For the Record: Artfully Historic D.C. is a juried contest and exhibit of the 75 best new artworks that capture Washington's changing urban landscape.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Historical-Society-of-Washington.png	dchistory.org--newline--
booth	Homeward Trails Animal Rescue	Homeward Trails Animal Rescue is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization that provides pet adoption in Virginia, Washington, DC and Maryland. We find homes for dogs and cats rescued from high-kill animal shelters or whose owners could no longer care for them or were found as strays.  	pride-alliance	homewardtrails.org--newline--
booth	HOPE-DC	Washington DC's HIV+ Men's Social Group.	pride-alliance	hopedc.org--newline--
booth	Hot 99.5	HOT 99.5 is Washington, DC's #1 hit music radio station and home of The Kane Show featuring War of the Roses and the latest music.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Ruby-Prez-Hot-995.png	hot995.com--newline--
booth	Howard Theater	For decades, the Howard was more than a theater; it was an institution, a place where black performers could get a foothold in the profession, where Washington’s black community could listen to the sounds of their generations and where white audiences could learn the passion and power of the black musician.	Capital-Pride-2015-Partners-Howard-Theater.jpg	thehowardtheatre.com--newline--
booth	Human Rights Campaign	As the largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Americans, the Human Rights Campaign represents a force of more than 1.5 million members and supporters nationwide Ü all committed to making HRC's vision a reality.  HRC envisions a world where lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people are embraced as full members of society at home, at work and in every community.	Capital-Pride-2015-Partners-Human-Rights.gif	hrc.org--newline--
booth	Hyatt Hotels-Hypride	Employee Network Group that supports the LGBT community and promotes Hyatt as a diverse employer	pride-alliance	hyatt.jobs--newline--
booth	Hyatt Hotels-Hypride	Employee Network Group that supports the LGBT staff and involved in local community. Promotes Hyatt as a diverse workplace.	pride-alliance	hyatt.com/partner/partnerlandingpage/en/corporate/global/hypride.html--newline--
booth	Inova Juniper Program 	Inova Juniper Program is Northern Virginia's largest provider of HIV/AIDS care. We are proud to offer all aspects of primary medical care and mental health, substance abuse and case management services to HIV positive individuals along with a history of delivering compassionate HIV/AIDS clinical and education services.    Our convenient services are available at locations around Northern Virginia. We provide compassionate, dignified care to individuals regardless of their sex, race, background, sexual orientation, religious preference, financial status or insurance coverage. At any given time, Inova Juniper provides services to about 700 active clients.	pride-alliance	inova.org/healthcare-services/hiv/index.jsp--newline--
booth	Inspired Teaching School	At the Inspired Teaching Demonstration Public Charter School, a professional learning community of master teachers and teacher residents ensures that a diverse group of students achieve their potential as accomplished learners, thoughtful citizens, and imaginative and inquisitive problem solvers through a demanding, inquiry-based curriculum. The standards-based curriculum and student goals are centered\u2028 on the 4 I's: Intellect, Inquiry, Imagination, and Integrity.	pride-alliance	inspiredteachingschool.org--newline--
booth	Iona Senior Services	Iona supports people as they experience the challenges and opportunities of aging. We envision a community that celebrates, values, respects, and protects the contributions and possibilities of every individual. Located in NW DC, we serve the metro Washington area. Our Helpline (202-895-9448) is available to answer questions related to aging services and how to help yourself, family, and friends cope with aging. Many volunteer opportunities are available.	pride-alliance	iona.org--newline--
booth	Jose Contreras	Latin gay nigth in NOVA crazy tuesdays	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	Kaiser Permanente	We've been there for you in the past, providing health care for more than 60 years. We're here for you today and in days to come, with our ongoing commitment to quality. And we share this tradition and commitment by reaching out to your community, and promoting health and wellness for all.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Kaiser-Permanente.gif	kaiserpermanente.org--newline--
booth	KhushDC	KhushDC is a social, support and political group that provides a safe and supportive environment, promotes awareness and acceptance, and fosters positive cultural and sexual identity for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning (LGBTQ) and additional gender or sexual minority South Asians in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.    We represent a broad array of nationalities including those of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Iran, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and the diaspora.	pride-alliance	khushdc.org--newline--
booth	Kimpton Hotels	 Simply put, Kimpton makes life better on the road. That's because we believe that human, heartfelt connections are what make life worth living. So we come to work every day eager to lavish them on our guests and each other. It's nice to have that on your daily _to doî list.	Capital-Pride-2015-Partners-Kimpton-Hotels.jpg	kimptonhotels.com--newline--
booth	Kofi Nartey	Tour operator in Ghana	pride-alliance	homelandtours.be--newline--
booth	La Clinica del Pueblo/'Empod_rate! Youth Center	La Cl'nica del Pueblo's HIV youth initiative, 'Empod_rate! (Empower Yourself!) is the only bilingual, HIV Prevention & Linkage-to-Care Program that targets young Latino gay men and transgender women between the ages of 18 and 29 and their partners in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The 'Empod_rate! Youth Center is located in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood, two blocks from the Columbia Heights Metro Station in NW DC.  'Empod_rate! builds on La Cl'nica's 30 year history of fighting the HIV epidemic in the Latino community through programs and services that create a safe and supportive space in which to strengthen individuals and community.	pride-alliance	lcdp.org--newline--
booth	Lambda Legal	ounded in 1973, Lambda Legal is the oldest and largest national legal organization whose mission is to achieve full recognition of the civil rights of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, transgender people and people living with HIV through impact litigation, education and public policy work.	pride-alliance	lambdalegal.org--newline--
booth	Lambda Pride: University of Maryland Alumni	Lambda Pride is the University of Maryland, College Park's official Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, Intersex and Ally (LGBTQIA) network. Our membership is open to all alumni and friends†including current students, faculty, staff, and families of students. Founded in 1998, Lambda Pride exists to connect alumni to one another, and to support learning and success of LGBTQIA students at the University of Maryland, College Park. 	pride-alliance	alumni.umd.edu/s/1132/index.aspx?sid=1132&gid=1&pgid=890--newline--
booth	Lambda Sci-Fi	A social community group for GLBTQ people and allies interested in science fiction, fantasy, and horror - books, movies, TV, gaming, comics and more!	pride-alliance	lambdascifi.org--newline--
booth	Latino GLBT History Project	The Latino GLBT History Project is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit volunteer-led organization founded in 2000 to investigate, collect, preserve and educate the public about the history, culture, heritage, arts, social and rich contributions of the Latino GLBT community in metropolitan Washington, D.C. To accomplish our mission, the LHP creates educational exhibits from our historical archives collection showcased at cultural events such as, a Women's History Month Reception, a Hispanic LGBTQ Heritage Reception, and DC Latino Pride, educational presentations at local and national conferences and through our online virtual museum at www.LatinoGLBTHistory.org. We are celebrating our 15 year anniversary in 2015!	pride-alliance	LatinoGLBTHistory.org.--newline--
booth	LGBT Democrats of Virginia	The LGBT Democrats of Virginia present issues and act as an advocate for LGBT persons within the Democratic Party of Virginia.  We help elect Democratic candidates and generally encourage the participation of LGBT persons in the party.  We also encourage, educate, and finance LGBT persons who aspire to public office, while raising awareness of LGBT issues in the Commonwealth.    Membership is open to gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered persons, along with LGBT allies, who are registered to vote in the Commonwealth of Virginia and believe in the principles of the Democratic Party.	pride-alliance	lgbtvadem.org--newline--
booth	LGBT Libertarians of the DC metro area	Libertarians of the Washington metropolitan area	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	LGBT Mormons, Families and Friends 	LGBT Mormons, Families and Friends includes diverse individuals and groups who are creating an affirming space within Mormonism and standing up for equal rights. 	pride-alliance	affirmation.org--newline--
booth	Liberation - D.C.	Liberation - D.C. develops educational programing related to social justice issues.	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	Library of Congress GLOBE/Senate GLASS/LGBT CSA	Library of Congress GLOBE with colleagues from the Senate GLASS Caucus and the LGBT Congressional Staff Association	pride-alliance	loc.gov/lgbt--newline--
booth	Little River UCC	Little River United Church of Christ is an inclusive, progressive theological community rooted in the mainline Protestant tradition. We are an Open and Affirming congregation that actively seeks to be multiracial and multicultural. With a membership of over five hundred and a wide range of programs, our church strives to enable each person to be known and to make a difference to the extent he or she feels called. 	pride-alliance	lrucc.org--newline--
booth	Live! Casino	Maryland Live! Casino is redefining what the casino experience can be for people throughout the region. With an incredible array of high-tech entertainment, we offer something that is unprecedented in the region - a gaming and dining destination unlike anything our guests have ever experienced.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Ruby-Prez-Live-Casino.png	marylandlivecasino.com--newline--
booth	LivingSocial 	LivingSocial is the local marketplace to buy and share the best things to do in your city and beyond. With unique and diverse offerings each day, we inspire members to discover everything from weekend excursions and one-of-a-kind experiences to exclusive gourmet dinners and seasonal family outings outings -- and much more.	pride-alliance	livingsocial.com--newline--
booth	Lockheed Martin PRIDE	Diversity at Lockheed Martin is an inclusive team that values and leverages each person's individuality. It's about living our values of doing what's right, respecting others and performing with excellence. We recognize that our success depends on the talent, skills and expertise of our people and our ability to function as an integrated team. PRIDE is an employee resource group serving Lockheed Martin's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) employees, employee family and friends of LGBT people, and straight allies for professional growth. PRIDE is also a resource empowering Lockheed Martin to apply Diversity and Inclusion to solve business challenges.	pride-alliance	lockheedmartin.com--newline--
booth	Log Cabin Republicans of DC	Local, non-profit, organization advocating for LGBT equality and conservative principles of limited government, strong national defense, free markets, low taxes, personal responsibility, and individual liberties.	pride-alliance	dclogcabin.wordpress.com--newline--
booth	Logan Circle Community Association	LCCA is one of the most effective and successful community associations in the District of Columbia. Established in 1972, it has achieved a remarkable record of steadily improving the environment and the quality of life in the Logan Circle area.    LCCA works to promote the civic and social interests of residents by enhancing the quality of life and promoting economic development; working to enhance public safety through collaboration the the MPD: preserving the historic, architectural and aesthetic value of property; presenting the views of its membership to government and other organizations; and participating in charitable and educational activities.  	pride-alliance	LoganCIrcle.org--newline--
booth	Lowes Madison Hotel	Yes, our nation’s capital is steeped in a rich history, but Loews Madison Hotel has a heritage that’s just as storied. Our hotel is the ideal combination of historic soul and modern style. 	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Loews-Madison-Hotel1.jpg	loewshotels.com/madison--newline--
booth	LPAC - the nation's first and only Lesbian PAC	LPAC builds lesbian political power by electing candidates who champion LGBTQ rights, women's equality and social justice. LPAC, a Super PAC for LGBTQ women and their allies, envisions a society in which gender and LGBTQ equality, as well as social, racial and economic justice are realities for all. LPAC achieves its mission by increasing the political power and engagement of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) women and their allies, and building a network of lesbian and queer women who take political action. 	pride-alliance	TeamLPAC.com--newline--
booth	M&T Bank	M&T Bank is a reliable bank that's strong and stable, a local bank that's committed to the communities we serve, an accessible bank that's close and convenient, and a responsive bank that cares about what's important to you, your family and your business.  	pride-alliance	mtb.com--newline--
booth	Machar, The Washington Congregation for Secular Humanistic Judaism	Machar is a welcoming and diverse community founded on Humanistic ideals and dedicated to enhancing Jewish cultural identity. Our congregation believes that Judaism encompasses far more than an ancient religion. It is a complete and vibrant culture with a rich history, an evolving ethical outlook, languages, music, literature, and folk traditions. We see the Jewish people as an international family with a diverse and continually changing culture. We see reason rather than faith as a guide to understanding, and human will and intelligence as the forces that guide human destiny.	pride-alliance	machar.org--newline--
booth	Malmaison	Fine French dining on the historic Georgetown waterfront in Washington, D.C.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Malmaison.jpg	malmaisondc.com--newline--
booth	Marriott	Marriott International, Inc. is a leading hospitality company with more than 3,900 properties, 18 brands, and associates at our headquarters, managed and franchised properties around the world. Founded by J. Willard and Alice Marriott and guided by Marriott family leadership for more than 80 years, the company is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and reported revenues of nearly $13 billion in fiscal year 2013.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Ruby-Prez-Marriott.png	marriott.com--newline--
booth	Mayor's Office on LGBTQ Affairs	The Mayor's Office of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer (LGBTQ) Affairs is a permanent, cabinet-level office within the Office of Community Affairs in the Executive Office of the Mayor, established by statute in 2006 to address the important concerns of the District's gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender residents.	pride-alliance	glbt.dc.gov--newline--
booth	MBI Health Services, LLC.	MBI Health Services, LLC. is a behavioral health agency serving the D.C. Metropolitan Area since 2009. We take pride in our constant heartwarming devotion towards our clients, and any whom are interested in the services we offer. Our services include, but are not limited to: Intake, Diagnostic Assessments, Medication / Somatic Services, Individual and Group Therapy, Rehabilitation Services, Vocational Services, Supported Employment, Disability Services, Children's Therapy,  Respite Services, Home Health Aides, Patient Escort Services, and more.    Let MBI Health Services be the reason why you feel self-confident and empowered once again. There's nothing like feeling good about yourself.	pride-alliance	mbihs.com--newline--
booth	Melrose Georgetown Hotel	The Melrose Georgetown on Pennsylvania Avenue	pride-alliance	melrosehoteldc.com--newline--
booth	Mer+ge Apparel	OUR MISSION  Our goal at Mer+ge is simple... we provide clothing that stands for something. Our original designs and graphics promote self-expression and unity, as we strive to eliminate arbitrary separations among social groups.	pride-alliance	makethemerge.com--newline--
booth	Metro DC PFLAG	Metro DC PFLAG promotes equality and the wellbeing of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender persons, their families and friends through support to cope with an adverse society, education to enlighten an ill-informed public, and advocacy to end discrimination and secure equal civil rights. Keeping families together is our mission.   	pride-alliance	pflagdc.org--newline--
booth	Metro Weekly	Metro Weekly has served Washington, DC's gay and lesbian community since May 1994, and is now the largest and longest-running LGBT publication and website in the region. The print edition is published every Thursday and copies can be picked up for free at more than 500 distribution points.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Metro-Weekly.jpg	metroweekly.com--newline--
booth	Metro/WMATA	The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (Metro) was created by an interstate compact in 1967 to plan, develop, build, finance, and operate a balanced regional transportation system in the national capital area. Metro began building its rail system in 1969, acquired four regional bus systems in 1973, and began operating the first phase of Metrorail in 1976. Today, Metrorail serves 91 stations and has 117 miles of track. Metrobus serves the nation's capital 24 hours a day, seven days a week with 1,500 buses. Metrorail and Metrobus serve a population of 5 million within a 1,500-square mile jurisdiction. Metro began its paratransit service, MetroAccess, in 1994; it provides about 2.3 million trips per year.	Capital-Pride-2015-Partners-Metro.jpg	wmata.com--newline--
booth	MetroHealth	MetroHealth is committed to providing healthcare focused on improving outcomes for our patients, as well as to building a healthy community.     MetroHealth provides multidisciplinary and integrated medical healthcare that embodies all aspects of a person's physical, mental, and emotional well-being.	pride-alliance	metrohealthdc.org--newline--
booth	MetroPCS	MetroPCS now offers you everything you want for $40, period.  Data, talk & text.  Nationwide 4GLTE.  All with no annual contract.	pride-alliance	metropcs.com--newline--
booth	Microsoft	With 90,000 employees in over 190 countries supporting and developing varied products and services for our customers and partners, Microsoft is focused on ensuring a high level of satisfaction among our customers and partners. It is a core component of our business. Our vision is to provide experiences for our customers and partners, across all of their interactions with Microsoft, that they value and recognize, and enable them to realize their full potential.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Microsoft.jpg	microsoft.com--newline--
booth	Mid-Atlantic Waterproofing	Basement Waterproofing & Foundation Repair	pride-alliance	basements.com--newline--
booth	Military Partners and Families Coalition	Military Partners and Families Coalition (MPFC) is the only organization founded by the partners of actively-serving military personnel. Our mission is to provide support, education, resources, and advocacy for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and similarly-identified (LGBT) military families. We represent and serve all aspects of the military family from parents to partners/spouses to children, as well as all branches and components of the United States Armed Forces from active duty to the National Guard and Reserves to Veterans.	pride-alliance	milpfc.org--newline--
booth	Mimi Evans	What is the absolute best way to ensure that your event is AMAZING? Customize it! All events should be a direct reflection of the host(s) ideas and vision! Mixin' Mimi Mixology can help bring your vision to life! We provide unique mobile bartending services and event staffing for any event type! No event is too BIG or too small for us to accommodate!  We pride ourselves on serving the ART you can taste!	pride-alliance	MixinMimi.com--newline--
booth	More Light Presbyterians	Presbyterians committed to a fully inclusive church and society have participated in Pride for more than 20 years. 	pride-alliance	opendoorsmlp.org--newline--
booth	Morgan Stanley	Morgan Stanley - Wealth Management  You have meaningful goals. Our Financial Advisors can help you reach them. For nearly 80 years, we have worked with individuals, families, businesses and institutions†to deliver services and solutions that help build, preserve and manage wealth. We understand our clients' aspirations, and we're as devoted to their goals as they are.  	pride-alliance	morganstanley.com--newline--
booth	MPDC GLLU	DC POLICE GLLU	pride-alliance	mpdc.dc.gov--newline--
booth	N2N Bodywear	Men's line of swimwear, underwear, sportswear, loungewear, eroticwear	pride-alliance	n2nbodywear.com--newline--
booth	NARAL Pro-Choice America	We are made up of pro-choice women and men across the United States. Together, we're protecting and expanding reproductive freedom.    We lobby Congress to convince your elected representatives to support your right to choose.    We organize women and men to make sure that lawmakers hear from the pro-choice people they represent.    We connect what happens in Congress or in the states to how it affects your ability to make private decisions, like choosing legal abortion.    NARAL Pro-Choice America uses the political process to elect lawmakers who share our pro-choice values and defeat candidates who don't. 	pride-alliance	prochoiceamerica.org--newline--
booth	National Center for Children and Families	NCCF is a private, nonprofit child and family welfare agency with a commitment to serving poor,disadvantaged, abused, neglected and/or abandoned children, youth, and their families. Current program services include emergency shelters and transitional housing for homeless families, a high-intensity therapeutic group home, therapeutic and traditional foster care and adoption, independent living for youth transitioning to adulthood, teen parent services, and community-based prevention services that promote academic achievement, parental involvement, economic and vocational stability, and healthy families. Our programs have become social service models, redefining both NCCF's reputation and the agency's position in the human service continuum in our region.	pride-alliance	nccf-cares.org--newline--
booth	National City Christian Church	National City seeks to help everyone toward a fuller commitment to Christ by being an inclusive church family which fully embraces in its life and ministries people of every race, gender, sexual orientation, age, economic circumstances, family configuration, physical or mental condition, and all other distinctions which are the rich tapestry of God's Creation.	pride-alliance	nationalcitycc.org--newline--
booth	National Conservatory of Dramatic Arts	DC's only accredited, post-secondary school training actors for careers in the performing arts since 1975. Non profit school.	pride-alliance	theconservatory.org--newline--
booth	National Gay Pilots Association	The National Gay Pilots Association (NGPA) is an international organization of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender pilots and other aviation enthusiasts from around the world.  Through education, outreach programs, and social events, we promote our primary organizational goals:  - To encourage members of the GLBT community to begin piloting careers  - To foster equal treatment of GLBT aviators through advocacy and outreach  - To promote aviation safety  - To provide an affirming social and professional network for GLBT aviators	pride-alliance	ngpa.org--newline--
booth	National Organization of Gay and Lesbian Scientists and Technical Professionals Chesapeake Region	NOGLSTP is a national organization of gay, lesbian and transgender people (and their advocates) employed or interested in scientific or high technology fields. NOGLSTP's goals include educating the scientific and general communities about LGBT issues in science and the technical workplace; educating the queer community about relevant topics in science; dialogue with professional societies and associations; improving our members employment and professional environment; opposing queer phobia and stereotypes by providing role models of successful LGBT scientific and technical professionals; and fostering networking and mentoring among our members. 	pride-alliance	noglstp.net/chesapeake--newline--
booth	Nationwide Insurance 	Over the last 85 years, Nationwide has grown from a small mutual auto insurer owned by policyholders to one of the largest insurance and financial services companies in the world, with more than $158 billion in statutory assets.	pride-alliance	nationwide.com--newline--
booth	Neon Nation LLC	Neon Nation LLC is a Washington DC based apparel company that specifically sells neon colored products. While we still offer a variety of normie colored items, we strive to have the majority of our catalog be blindingly neon! 	pride-alliance	aNeonNation.com--newline--
booth	New York Life	Life Insurance and employee benefits company	pride-alliance	newyorklife.com--newline--
booth	Newseum Residences	Live among landmarks. On historic Pennsylvania Avenue, halfway between the U.S. Capitol and the White House, is a select group of superlative urban living spaces: the Newseum Residences. Offering exquisite views, unsurpassed luxury and a prime location across America's Main Street from the National Mall, the Newseum Residences combines modern sophistication and cutting-edge technology with upscale comfort and convenience.	pride-alliance	newseumresidences.com--newline--
booth	Nice Jewish Girls	Nice Jewish Girls is a positive, dynamic, supportive group of Queer women 21 + in DC . To find out more about us or our 24 gatherings a year, use one of the links below.	pride-alliance	aNiceJewishGirl.org--newline--
booth	Northrup Grumman	Northrop Grumman is a leading global security company providing innovative systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems, cyber, C4ISR, and logistics and modernization to government and commercial customers worldwide.

We hold ourselves to a higher standard, both in the products we deliver and in the way we conduct ourselves throughout the entire customer experience. Because, after all, we are in the business of securing a great deal more than just our place in the market. 	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Northrop-Grumman.jpg	northropgrumman.com--newline-
booth	NOVA Pride	Educate. Advocate. Celebrate.  NOVA Pride, which holds an annual Northern Virginia Pride Festival in October (2015 PrideFest: 10/3/2015), as well as other activities throughout the year, is a 501c3 charitable organization serving the LGBTQ Community of Northern Virginia.  #703pride	pride-alliance	novapride.org--newline--
booth	NovaSalud, Inc	Novasalud, Inc provides free confidential rapid HIV testing, counseling, referral services, and prevention education in the Northern Virginia area	pride-alliance	novasaludinc.org--newline--
booth	Office of Councilmember Kenyan R. McDuffie	Kenyan R. McDuffie, Councilmember for Ward 5, was first elected to the Council of the District of Columbia in a 2012 special election.  In November, Ward 5 voters overwhelmingly re-elected him to a full four-year term.	pride-alliance	kenyanmcduffie.com--newline--
booth	Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI)	The Director of National Intelligence (DNI) serves as the head of the Intelligence Community (IC), overseeing and directing the implementation of the National Intelligence Program (budget) and acting as the principal advisor to the President, the National Security Council, and the Homeland Security Council for intelligence matters related to the national security. Working together with the Principal Deputy DNI (PDDNI), the Office of the DNI's goal is to effectively integrate foreign, military and domestic intelligence in defense of the homeland and of United States interests abroad.  	pride-alliance	dni.gov--newline--
booth	Olde Towne Pet Resort	Olde Towne Pet Resort offers twenty-four hours a day, every day, we are committed to the care and love of your pets.    At Olde Towne Pet Resort, we spare no detail in ensuring the utmost in your pet's comfort, safety, and joy. Our loving and trained staff are committed to our guests' needs.   	pride-alliance	oldetownepetresort.com--newline--
booth	Omni	Omni Hotels & Resorts exists to give guests an authentic feel for the local flavor in leading business gateways and leisure destinations across North America. From exceptional golf and spa retreats to dynamic business settings, each Omni property blends seamlessly into the local culture while featuring four-diamond services, signature restaurants, WiFi connectivity and unique wellness options.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Omni.jpg	omnihotels.com--newline--
booth	One Love Massive	A DC production company, booking agency and marketing firm supporting unconditional love and understanding. 	pride-alliance	onelovemassive.com--newline--
booth	One Medical Group	Our members experience a unique approach to doctor visits, designed around their needs. With quality care, comprehensive services and efficient use of technology, we offer high-touch customer service in a warm, stress-free office setting. Benefits of membership include:    Longer, same-day appointments that start on time, Comprehensively trained primary care doctors who truly listen, Email access to your doctor, online scheduling and prescription renewals, Most major PPO and HMO insurance plans accepted	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-One-Medical-Group.jpg	onemedical.com--newline--
booth	Healing Touch Yoga	I teach one on one yoga classes and how to release negative engery from one body and mibd bring peace in one life for a positive life style i also sell candles oils bath salts and all natural organic items to heal n clam the body mind and soul etc 	pride-alliance	healingtouchyaga.com--newline--
booth	Open Doors More Light Presbyterians	Open Doors/MLP is the National Capital Presbytery (NCP) chapter of More Light Presbyterians.  The mission of More Light Presbyterians is to work for the full participation of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) people in the life, ministry and witness of the Presbyterian Church (USA) and in society.	pride-alliance	opendoorsmlp.org--newline--
booth	Ottawa Public Library	The Ottawa Public Library (OPL) is the largest bilingual (English/French) public library system in North America. The OPL extends public access to information and services through the library's 34 branches, physical and virtual at www.BiblioOttawaLibrary.ca, as well as two mobile libraries and a vending machine-style lending library service. Serving close to one million Ottawa residents, OPL's mission is to inspire learning, spark curiosity, and connect people. Follow us on Twitter www.Twitter.com/OPL_BPO and like us on Facebook www./BiblioOttawaLibrary. Contact us at 613-580-2940 or InfoService@BiblioOttawaLibrary.ca. If it's out there, it's in here!	pride-alliance	BiblioOttawaLibrary.ca--newline--
booth	OUT Riders Women's Motorcycle Club	A women's motorcycle group for members of the LGBTQA who love to ride around the Metro area.  	pride-alliance	outriderswmc.com--newline--
booth	Paiges Promotions (for Wyndham)	Promotion for Wyndham at National Harbor. Lots of prizes, giveaways and Mardigras Beads...Fun stuff  sign up for Free!	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	People Animals Love	PAL's mission is to change the lives of the sick, elderly and underserved children of Washington DC through the use of the human animal bond	pride-alliance	peopleanimalslove.org--newline--
booth	Penthouse Pool and Lounge	With special private spaces, amazing views and a food and beverage menu designed just for you, the Penthouse Pool and Lounge has the best places for you to have your special event.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Penthouse.jpg	penthousepoolclub.com--newline--
booth	People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA)	PETA focuses on the four areas in which the largest number of animals suffer the most intensely for the longest periods of time: on factory farms, in the clothing trade, in laboratories, and in the entertainment industry.	pride-alliance	PETA.org--newline--
booth	Phase 1 on Capital Hill	Celebrating it's 45 Anniversary, the Phase 1 on Capital Hill is the oldest and longest running singulerly owned and operated Lesbian bar in the United States.  Started in 1970 by Allen Carroll & Chris Jansen.  The Ladies on the hill are open Thurs-Saturday.  Doors open @ 8:30pm	pride-alliance	phase1capitolhill.com--newline--
booth	Planned Parenthood Action Fund	Planned Parenthood Action Fund is a national not-for-profit organization with its main offices in New York City and Washington, DC. The Action Fund is the nonpartisan advocacy and political arm of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. The Action Fund engages in educational and electoral activity, including legislative advocacy, voter education, and grassroots organizing to promote the Planned Parenthood mission. 	pride-alliance	plannedparenthoodaction.org--newline--
booth	PNC Bank	PNC offers a wide range of services for all our customers, from individuals and small businesses, to corporations and government entities. No matter how simple or complicated your needs, we're sure to have the products, knowledge and resources necessary for financial success.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-PNC-Bank.jpg	pnc.com--newline--
booth	Pole Pressure	Pole Pressure is a premier pole fitness studio with 12 locations in Washington, DC, Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina. Our studios cater to women and men of all shapes, sizes, and ages. You're never to old, out of of shape, or overweight to start your pole journey. 	pride-alliance	polepressure.com--newline--
booth	Power Home Remodeling Group	Power Home Remodeling Group is the nation's 3rd largest exterior home remodeler and among the largest green renovation companies in the country with a focus on energy efficient home retrofits ranging from replacement windows and roofing to entry doors, insulated siding, and home insulation.  Discover how our blueprint for success is you. Contact us today.	pride-alliance	powerhrg.com--newline--
booth	Prime Timers of DC	Prime Timers of DC is a social organization for older gay and bisexual men and their admirers. It serves as a catalyst for bringing together men with like interest for social and recreational activities. We currently have over 100 members ranging in age from their 40s to their 80s. Membership dues are $30.00 per year. Members receive a monthly Prime Timers News to keep them informed of club activities.	pride-alliance	primetimersdc.org--newline--
booth	Prince George's County CERT	The Prince George's County Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) is one of the fastest growing CERT programs in the National Capital Region, which safeguards communities with its volunteers, to protect life and property ensuring the greatest good, for the greatest number. Volunteer teams from across the county who are trained in basic safety and emergency preparedness can provide basic care, stabilization and information within their communities in the event of a major incident, until emergency responders arrive on scene. During non-emergency situations, the PG CERT program focuses on community education and public awareness to increase the preparedness of county residents.	pride-alliance	princegeorgescountymd.gov--newline--
booth	Punch	none provided	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	Punch Digital Strategies	Punch Digital Strategies is a creative agency for bold brands. We provide marketing strategy that helps clients brand for growth and engage with customers online. We design websites that inspire action, and help clients generate leads through content marketing and social media. With services tailored to meet the needs of start-ups, B2C, B2B and non-profit organizations, we make bold brands stand out online.    As a partner to Capital Pride Alliance, we designed then new CapitalPride.org website. How can we make your bold brand stand out? Learn more at AddSomePunch.com.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Punch-Digital-Strategies.gif	AddSomePunch.com--newline--
booth	Quakers for Equality	A gathering of local Quaker meetings and organizations in the D.C. area. Our faith embraces inclusion and equality.	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	Queer Asians United	LGBT Asians and Pacific Islanders in DC	pride-alliance	aquadc.us--newline--
booth	Queerassic Park	We love #DC and we love the #DCDino! Dedicated pals of DC's only cardboard theropodian agent of love. We're celebrating DC Pride in our finest paleontology-inspired gear.	pride-alliance	none provided--newline--
booth	Rachel Pearl	JOMDC is a non-profit dance education organization with 3 locations, 300 classes per week for adult & youth, 50 concerts & events per year, 20 community outreach sites and one mission - dance is for everyoneÎ!	pride-alliance	joyofmotion.org--newline--
booth	Rainbow Response Coalition	Rainbow Response is a grassroots coalition based in Washington, DC that brings together organizations and leaders from the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Questioning (LGBTQ) communities, along with traditional domestic violence service providers and government agencies, to increase the awareness about Intimate Partner Violence (IPV) amid the relationships of LGBTQ individuals. The Coalition works to promote education within the LGBTQ communities and beyond and identifies existing services that are provided in a manner respectful of the unique identities of LGBTQ survivors of IPV, as well as batterers.	pride-alliance	rainbowresponse.org--newline--
booth	Ravensworth Baptist Church	Ravensworth Baptist Church is an inclusive and welcoming Christian community where expressing the love of God to all people is central to our worship, study, and service.  We are proud to be a part of the Association of Welcoming and Affirming Baptists.	pride-alliance	ravensworthbaptist.org--newline--
booth	ReconcilingWorks	More Lutheran congregations in DC, Maryland and Virginia are becoming Reconciling in Christ, encouraging LGBTQ individuals and families of all ages to worship.  We continue serving our neighbors who are hungry, homeless, underemployed, endangered, abused or marginalized in the community.  Living the Gospel is our guide.  Helping others heal and grow is sharing the good news.  The children of God are our family.	pride-alliance	reconcilingworks.org--newline--
booth	Redfin	Redfin is a national real estate brokerage with a mission to make buying and selling homes better for consumers. We help clients throughout the DC metro area and around the country. The experienced, full-service real estate agents who work at Redfin are advocates, not salespeople, and they earn customer-satisfaction bonuses, not commissions. Redfin agents and engineers work together to create and improve technology to make the entire process of buying or selling a home easier and more fun, from finding homes to tour or deciding on a price to signing a deal. 	pride-alliance	redfin.com--newline--
booth	Renewal by Andersen	The custom window and door replacement division of Andersen Windows.	pride-alliance	RenewalbyAndersen.com--newline--
booth	Rock Spring Congregational UCC	Rock Spring is proudly Open and Affirming and welcomes all people into the full life and community of the church. We are proud to support equal rights for LGBTQ people in northern Virginia and throughout the Capitol region!	pride-alliance	rockspringucc.org--newline--
booth	Rockville United Church	Union United Church of Christ and Presbyterian (PCUSA) Church	pride-alliance	rockvilleunitedchurch.org--newline--
booth	Rubber Revelution	We believe that all DC residents have the right to take control of their health and wellness, including their sexual health. We’re taking the condom conversation out of the sheets and into the streets.

We want every DC resident to have access to condoms  in order to protect themselves and their partners. Great sex starts with peace of mind, and condoms give you the protection you need to stay healthy and safe, no matter where the night takes you.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Rubber-Revolution.jpg	rubberrevolutiondc.com--newline--
booth	RUSA LGBT DC	RUSA LGBT is a network for Russian-speaking LGBTQ individuals, their friends, supporters and loved ones. RUSA LGBT has welcomed many LGBT asylum seekers from Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus who fled the abuse and mistreatment in their homelands.  RUSA LGBT regularly organizes cultural and social events to unite Russian-speaking LGBTQ community in America and to increase acceptance and inclusion of LGBTQ people within the Russian-speaking public.  RUSA LGBT advocates for social justice, human and civil rights for LGBTQ people in America and in the Former Soviet Union.	pride-alliance	rusalgbt.com--newline--
booth	SAGE Metro DC	SAGE Metro DC is an inter-generational,  volunteer driven organization serving LGBT elders and their caregivers and family. Through our programs we build an active social network to combat isolation and invisibility, advocate for progressive policies and educate the community. Nothing about us without us! 	pride-alliance	/SAGEMetroDC--newline--
booth	Sally Kim	As the preeminent international service organization of the United States, the Peace Corps sends Americans abroad to tackle the most pressing needs of people around the world. Peace Corps Volunteers work at the grassroots level toward sustainable change that lives on long after their service†at the same time becoming global citizens and serving their country. When they return home, Volunteers bring their knowledge and experiences†and a global outlook†that enriches the lives of those around them.	pride-alliance	peacecorps.gov--newline--
booth	Sapient PRIDE	Sapient PRIDE is an employee resource group at Sapient, a global consulting firm leading public sector organizations through business and digital transformation. Sapient strives to effect positive social change through strategy, creativity, and technology. Our full teams of expertise, including in-house developers, create a compelling vision and strategy powered by cutting-edge technical solutions. Sapient is highly collaborative and works to give motivated individuals the environment and support they need and empower them to get the job done. This means encouraging people to bring their whole selves to work. Sapient PRIDE offers support, resources, and a safe community to LGBT employees. 	pride-alliance	sapientgov.com--newline--
booth	Scandal DC	Scandal DC is DC's Hottest New Women's monthly party.	pride-alliance	/scandaldcparty--newline--
booth	Scouts For Equality - Washington, DC Chapter	Scouts for Equality is an organization composed largely of Boy Scouts of America alumni dedicated to ending the BSA's ban on gay adult members and leaders. As Scouts, we believe discrimination goes against the values our movement teaches us and has no place in Scouting's future. The Washington DC Chapter of Scouts for Equality invites community members in the National Capital area to assist us in our mission to end discrimination within the Boy Scouts of America.	pride-alliance	scoutsforequality.org--newline--
booth	Seabury Resources for Aging	Seabury provides resources and housing options to older adults in all income levels in the Greater Washington DC area	pride-alliance	seaburyresources.org--newline--
booth	Seaplane Shirts	Small producer, tiny batch production, made-in-USA fun shirts for men, women and kids. Selling direct to consumer online and making new friends at fun events like this one.	pride-alliance	seaplaneshirts.com--newline--
booth	Secular Coalition for America	The Secular Coalition for America is a 501(c)(4) nonprofit advocacy organization whose purpose is to amplify the diverse and growing voice of the nontheistic community in the United States. The Secular Coalition represents more than 200 organizations nation-wide and advocates at the federal level to protect and strengthen the secular character of the government. 	pride-alliance	secular.org--newline--
booth	Seventh-day Adventist Kinship International	Seventh-day Adventist Kinship International provides community and advocacy for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex, queer, asexual and LGBTIQA-supportive individuals with an Adventist connection.  	pride-alliance	sdakinship.org--newline--
booth	Shakespeare Theatre Company	Over the past quarter of a century, the Shakespeare Theatre Company has dedicated itself to becoming the nation's premier classic theatre. By focusing on works with profound themes, complex characters and heightened language written by Shakespeare, his contemporaries and those playwrights he influenced, STC's artistic mission is unique among regional theatres: to bring to vibrant life groundbreaking, thought-provoking and eminently accessible classic theatre in a uniquely American style.	pride-alliance	shakespearetheatre.org--newline--
booth	She Peppers	She Peppers is a small, woman owned local company started by two organic practicing backyard gardeners who have transformed the peppers, cucumbers, herbs, etc. they grow into delicious artisan bbq sauces, pepper sauces, hot sauces, pickles, dips, rubs and more. Seventy percent of the ingredients used in each product are grown by She Peppers. On the occasion when this does not happen, the ingredients are sourced locally.	pride-alliance	shepeppers.com--newline--
booth	Sierra Club 	grassroots environmental organization focusing on exploring, enjoying and protecting the environment.  The DC Chapter provides a wide range of volunteer opportunities and ways to become engaged and informed.	pride-alliance	dc.sierraclub.org--newline--
booth	Signature Theatre	Signature Theatre is a Tony AwardÎ-winning, non-profit professional theater company with a mission to produce contemporary musicals and plays, reinvent classic musicals, develop new work, and reach its community through engaging educational and outreach opportunities.	pride-alliance	sigtheatre.org--newline--
booth	Sixth & I	Since 2004, Sixth & I, through its openness and pluralistic approach, has redefined the 21st-century synagogue and community space with impactful, entertaining, and thought-provoking programs spanning Jewish and cultural traditions.    At Sixth & I, what it means to be Jewish is up to you. With a multi-denominational and non-membership approach, identity and community intersect on your terms for a uniquely Jewish experience. Sixth & I's 6th in the City program series offers a space for Jews in their 20s and 30s to connect†to Judaism, arts and culture, spirituality, and to each other.	pride-alliance	sixthandi.org--newline--
booth	Ski Bums	Ski Bums is the world's largest club for LGBT skiers and snowboarders. Our DC chapter hosts social events and group trips to all the world's best ski resorts for skiers and snowboarders of all skill levels. Membership is free. 	pride-alliance	ski-bums.org--newline--
booth	Smith Pollin	We have the most experienced and dedicated team of professionals in the industry. Our Co-Founders have been involved in the convention and travel industry for more than 50 years combined. Jim Pollin built a hugely successful corporate meetings and incentives firm based in Maryland. Gary Smith built premier employee travel benefits organization based in Eugene, Oregon. When Smith & Pollin joined forces in 2014 and become the SmithPollin Group a clear industry leader was created. Our combined staffs, multiple offices, hundreds of loyal corporate clients, thousands of events, tens of thousands of personal vacation benefit clients, and hundreds of thousands event attendees served give us the depth of proven experience to be your event and travel benefits company of choice.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Smith-Pollin.jpg	smithpollin.com--newline--
booth	Smithsonian Institution GLOBE	Smithsonian Institution LGBT Federal Employees and the Allies	pride-alliance	/www.si.edu--newline--
booth	SMYAL	SMYAL supports and empowers lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning (LGBTQ) youth in the Washington, DC metropolitan region. Through youth leadership, SMYAL creates opportunities for LGBTQ youth to build self-confidence, develop critical life skills, and engage their peers and community through service and advocacy. Committed to social change, SMYAL builds, sustains, and advocates for programs, policies, and services that LGBTQ youth need as they grow into adulthood.	pride-alliance	smyal.org--newline--
booth	SoulCycle	SoulCycle is indoor cycling re-invented. Forty-five minutes is all it takes to transform the way you look and feel. Get ready for fat-burning cardio, a full-body workout (we use hand weights!), and choreography to work your core.	pride-alliance	soul-cycle.com--newline--
booth	Spacy Cloud	DC based urban wear and action sports brand, sPACYcLOUd is the manifestation of a revolutionary spirit always pushing people to be liberated from social constraints through expressions of love, peace and creativity. The creator of sPACYcLOUd, Tatiana Kolina, believes in the spirit of those that choose their own way in life.  The visual aesthetic comes from the world of break dancers, hip hop artists,  street artists, skaters, and motorcycle riders who like to be very expressive with their wardrobe. 	pride-alliance	spacycloud.com--newline--
booth	Sportrock Climbing Centers	Our mission is simple. We aim to provide the premier rock climbing experience. Whatever you seek within the rock climbing world we are committed to providing you with the very best customer service, routes, instruction and community. f you want to try climbing but don't know the difference between a carabiner and a kettlebell, our classes and programs are a great place to start. As your climbing and fitness goals expand, we offer technique and training programs for every step along the way. Even if you want to just check it out for a day, we've got that covered too.	pride-alliance	sportrock.com--newline--
booth	St. George's Episcopal Church of Arlington	Saint George's is a vibrant, inclusive, multi-faceted faith community. We welcome everyone- no exceptions- because we believe that inclusion is a Gospel value.	pride-alliance	saintgeorgeschurch.org--newline--
booth	St. John's Episcopal Church of Chevy Chase	Our members represent a variety of racial and ethnic backgrounds, nationalities, political affiliations, family configurations, sexual orientations, abilities, and religious traditions. Indeed, chances are that there's someone like you at St. John's. We hope you have a chance to visit our church family.	pride-alliance	stjohnsnorwood.org--newline--
booth	St. Margaret's Episcopal Church	St. Margaret's Church. located on Connecticut Ave. north of Dupont Circle is a welcoming inclusive community dedicated to social justice and outreach to those in any kind of need. 	pride-alliance	stmargaretsdc.org--newline--
booth	Starbucks	Every day, we go to work hoping to do two things: share great coffee with our friends and help make the world a little better. It was true when the first Starbucks opened in 1971, and it’s just as true today.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Starbucks.jpg	starbucks.com--newline--
booth	Start Financial Services	STAR Financial Group is the parent company of STAR Financial Bank, an Indiana-based community bank known for its quality service culture, personalized banking solutions, and innovative use of technology. Additionally, two wholly owned subsidiaries, STAR Wealth Management and STAR Insurance Agency, offer licensed professional services in financial planning, trust and asset management, and insurance. STAR Financial Group has grown to $1.75 billion in assets with 50 locations in central and northeast Indiana.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Star-Finacial-Services.jpg	starfinancial.com--newline--
booth	Start Talking Stop HIV	Start Talking. Stop HIV., a new phase of CDC’s Act Against AIDS initiative, seeks to reduce new HIV infections among gay, bisexual and other men who have sex with men* by encouraging open discussion about a range of HIV prevention strategies and related sexual health issues between sex partners. Effective partner communication about HIV can reduce HIV transmission by supporting HIV testing, HIV status disclosure, condom use, and the use of medicines to prevent and treat HIV.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Start-Talking-HIV.jpg	cdc.gov/actagainstaids/campaigns/starttalking--newline--
booth	State Farm Insurance	From community involvement to disaster response, State Farm is committed to supporting the neighborhoods it serves and the neighborhoods our associates call home by helping to build safer, stronger and better educated communities.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-State-Farm-Insurance.jpg	statefarm.com--newline--
booth	Stoli	Stolichnaya Premium Vodka. It makes all THE difference.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Stoli.jpg	stoli.com--newline--
booth	Stonewall@NARA / Library of Congress GLOBE	LGBTQ Employee Affinity Groups of National Archives and Library of Congress	pride-alliance	loc.gov--newline--
booth	Studio Theatre	Studio Theatre is Washington's premier venue for contemporary theatre, where local audiences will find today's edgiest playwrights (Variety). Studio produces the work of today's greatest writers, augmented by occasional productions of modern classics. Studio's work is marked by its emphasis on excellence in acting and design, and the signature intimacy of its four theatres, all of which seat fewer than 225 patrons. The quality of this work has been recognized over its 36-year history by sustained community support and 60 Helen Hayes Awards for excellence in professional theatre.	pride-alliance	studiotheatre.org--newline--
booth	Studio V Private Musical Education	Studio V, a musical education school in the District of Columbia, has been cited as one of the top musical studios in DC-metro by sources such as Washingtonian Magazine and the US Commerce Association.  Students, have included lauded recording artists, music teachers, producers, DJ's, conservatory students, and various enthusiasts of a diverse background. The Studio utilizes the European Classical tradition of building a holistic and supportive musical community of learners.  To this end, the Studio's Salons bring together musicians, artists, and arts professionals from around the region with students, reading through chamber music, giving discussions of  music/instruments, and networking.	pride-alliance	mviator.com--newline--
booth	SunTrust	The company was founded in 1891 when the Georgia General Assembly granted a charter for the Commercial Travelers' Savings Bank in Atlanta._ The company changed its name to Trust Company of Georgia in 1893._ Trust Company of Georgia and Florida-based SunBanks, Inc. merged to form SunTrust Banks, Inc. on July 1, 1985.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Suntrust.jpg	suntrust.com--newline--
booth	SwitchWood	SwitchWood is versatility at its best offering the first interchangeable wooden bow tie.  For the one who likes to keep things interesting, even when dressing up, SwitchWood is a cut above the rest.    Using sustainably harvested wood each piece is as unique as the wearer. We do not stain or alter the wood in anyway keeping it true to its original beauty. Handcrafted in the USA.    	pride-alliance	switchwood.com--newline--
booth	Tagg Magazine	Tagg Magazine was created by women, for lesbian, bisexual, and transgender community to provide the DC Metropolitan Area queer community with a central source for lesbian culture, news, and events.  Tagg is an innovative, lesbian-focused magazine that is distributed throughout the District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia and Delaware. Our readers are a diverse group of queer womenÜfrom young professionals to those with established familiesÜwho recognize a strong need for more coverage of the DC Metropolitan Area lesbian community.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Tagg-Mag.jpg	taggmagazine.com--newline--
booth	Taking Actions	To empower, inspire and motivate individuals and organizations alike, to take positive actions toward making the world a better place for everyone. Through education, advocacy and activism we promote environmental sustainability, human rights, animal rights, cultural diversity, socioeconomic equality, self-growth, tolerance, acceptance, kindness and world peace.	pride-alliance	taking-actions.com--newline--
booth	Team DC	Team DC is the association of LGBT sports clubs in the greater Washington, DC region.	pride-alliance	teamdc.org--newline--
booth	TEKsystems	People are at the heart of every successful business initiative. At TEKsystems, a leading provider of IT staffing, IT talent management and IT services, we understand people. Every year we deploy over 80,000 IT professionals at 6,000 client sites across North America, Europe and Asia. Our deep insights into the IT labor market enable us to help clients achieve their business goalsÜwhile optimizing their IT workforce strategies. 	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Tek-Systems.gif	teksystems.com--newline--
booth	Temple Emanuel of Kensington, MD -- a Reform Jewish Congregation	We are an inclusive Reform Jewish congregation with a long history of support for LGBT causes. Located a mile north of the Beltway at 10101 Connecticut Avenue in Kensington, we have an Early Child Development Center on-site, Religious School Sunday mornings, Friday night Shabbat services, and a wide variety of activities, including a Kulanu Committee supporting diversity in the Temple community. The office phone number is 301-942-2000. 	pride-alliance	templeemanuelmd.org--newline--
booth	Temple Shalom	A spiritual community where you can find warmth and depth and breadth,” a place which, in the words of our Senior Rabbi Michael Feshbach, welcomes us as we are, challenges us to grow, and works in and with the world around us. We are a Reform congregation of almost 450 families, yet our community offers openness to all, where each person can connect, where comfort and caring matter. It is a place of strength and beauty, of spirituality and learning, of creative possibility, a place filled with God's spirit and human kindness. 	pride-alliance	templeshalom.net--newline--
booth	Testing Makes Us Stronger	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) developed Testing Makes Us Stronger for black gay and bisexual men with input from black gay and bisexual men across the country. The goal of this national campaign is to promote HIV testing among black gay and bisexual men. Testing Makes Us Stronger aims to demonstrate that knowing one's HIV status is important and empowering information. Testing Makes Us Stronger is part of the Act Against AIDS HIV prevention campaign initiatives.	pride-alliance	gettested.cdc.gov/stronger--newline--
booth	TD Bank	TD Bank is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S. But we're not like other banks. We're open early, open late and we're even open weekends. We have FREE customer coin counting. We let people keep our pens. And we even have dog biscuits for our four-legged guests.

We work hard to create the best experience for our customers. That's what it means to Bank HumanTM. That's what it means to be Americas Most Convenient Bank.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-TDbank.png	tdbank.com--newline--
booth	The Academy of Washington, Inc	Established in 1961, The Academy is one of the oldest organizations of its kind in the country. Its membership includes drag queens, drag kings, male and female impersonators in the Washington, DC metropolitan area who enjoy entertaining and supporting the community. The Academy has members involved with the Rainbow History Project, PETS-DC, SMYAL, The Imperial Court and many other community organizations. Over the years, every person associated with the Academy has had their moments of glory, their share of applause and social recognition. We honor each other for our contributions to theater, make-up, design, and the gay community in general. 	pride-alliance	thewashingtonacademy.com/index.htm--newline--
booth	The Barker Adoption Foundation	Non profit adoption agency providing services all members of the adoption circle including: birth parents, adoptive parents and adopted persons. 	pride-alliance	barkerfoundation.org--newline--
booth	The Boeing Company 	Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. A top U.S. exporter, the company supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training.	pride-alliance	boeing.com--newline--
booth	The British Embassy	The British Embassy in Washington DC represents the United Kingdom's interests in the US. 	pride-alliance	gov.uk--newline--
booth	The Change Project	The Change Project is dedicated to transforming discrimination against marginalized groups into acceptance for all people through the art of photography, social media campaigns, and partnerships with social justice organizations.	pride-alliance	embodyprogress.org--newline--
booth	The DC Center for the LGBT Community	The DC LGBT Center educates, empowers, celebrates, and connects the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender communities.    To fulfill our mission, we focus on four core areas: health and wellness, arts & culture, social & support services, and advocacy and community building.	pride-alliance	thedccenter.org--newline--
booth	The District of Columbia Office on Aging	Who We Are    DCOA is the State and Area Agency on Aging designated by the Mayor of the D. C to plan, develop and implement programs and service for residents age 60 and older.  We fund a senior service network of providers (Office on Aging Senior Service Network) consisting of 20 community-based nonprofit organizations (including 3 universities) that operates 33 programs for senior citizens.     Aging and Disability Resource Centers (ADRC)    ADRC act as community satellites that continually strengthen our link to older Washingtonians.  They provide a wide range of social and health services throughout the 8 wards of the city.	pride-alliance	dcoa.dc.gov--newline--
booth	The Dupont Circle Hotel	Located in one of the city’s most iconic neighborhoods, this landmark hotel brings modern style to the nation’s capital for an unforgettable experience.  Urban chic comes to life in The Dupont Circle Hotel’s sleek design, eclectic artwork and coveted location. The Hotel is surrounded by The District’s hottest restaurants, nightlife and entertainment – not to mention some of the city’s most treasured monuments and eponymous parks.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-The-Dupont-Circle-Hotel.jpg	doylecollection.com/DupontCircle_--newline--
booth	The Embassy Row Hotel	International travelers can experience the cool side of the city at D.C.`s only lifestyle hotel. _The Embassy Row Hotel is located in Dupont Circle, steps from the metro and boasts the one of the only rooftop pools, stunning city views of Embassy Row and Dupont Circle, a restaurant and 24-hour chef`s pantry. Travelers can immerse themselves in nightlife, dining, and shopping within walking distance of the hotel. Not to mention, D.C. attractions _ the Capitol building, White _House, National Mall, Smithsonian Museums, and galleries are all within a mile of the hotel. _Enjoy all that D.C. has to offer during your stay and feel right at home with the service from our gracious staff. Book Now and experience a distinctive view of the district at The Embassy Row Hotel.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Embassy-Row.gif	embassyrowhotel.com--newline--
booth	The Field School	The Field School is an independent school in NW Washington, DC. We have approximately 370 students in grades 6-12. 	pride-alliance	fieldschool.org--newline--
booth	The Fillmore Silver Spring & the Warner Theatre	Live music & event venues in Silver Spring, MD and downtown Washington DC.	pride-alliance	fillmoresilverspring.com--newline--
booth	The Imperial Court of Washington, DC	The Imperial Court of Washington, DC is a 501(c)3 non profit public charity that:    Is a member of the International Court System which was founded in 1965, to perform noble deeds in the United States, Mexico, and Canada.     Provides and promotes safe and entertaining social and charitable events for the GLBT community, straight friends and families in the Greater Washington DC area.     Promotes human rights and equality amongst the general public through performances, social get-togethers, educational outreach projects and other worthwhile events	pride-alliance	imperialcourtdc.org--newline--
booth	The Intrepid Wendell	The Intrepid Wendell is a gay-owned, gay-operated, and gay-proud business. We offer you the most supportive place anywhere to design your signature ring and buy your wedding gems. When Dan married his husband, it wasn't easy or comfortable for him to design a wedding set. We know that it doesn't have to be that way. We've been where you are now, and we want your experience to be easy and joyful. We would love to share your joy.     	pride-alliance	theintrepidwendell.com--newline--
booth	The JBG Companies	It is the mission of The JBG Companies to be a world-class investor, owner, developer and manager of real estate properties in the Washington Metropolitan Area. We seek to generate superior, risk-adjusted returns for our investors while actively mitigating risk. JBG is committed to being an engaged and responsible member of the communities in which we operate.   	pride-alliance	jbg.com--newline--
booth	The Kennedy Center	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is America's living memorial to President Kennedy†presenting the greatest performers and performances from across America and around the world, nurturing new works and young artists, and serving as a leader in arts education.	pride-alliance	kennedy-center.org--newline--
booth	The Lesbian & Gay Big Apple Corps Marching Band	The tagline Many Arts, One Heart tells the story of the Lesbian & Gay Big Apple Corps. Since its formation in 1979, this New York City based band of brothers and sisters has been making music and art for audiences across the United States and Canada. The recipient of dozens of awards, the Big Apple Corps Marching Band has been seen by millions in such diverse appearances as a parade to commemorate the bicentennial of George Washington's Inauguration, a performance in a church basement in Brooklyn, and concerts at Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall.	pride-alliance	lgbac.org--newline--
booth	The Nature Conservancy	The mission of The Nature Conservancy is to conserve the lands and waters on which all life depends. We work in all 50 states and more than 35 countries around the world. After more than 60 years of on-the-ground action for conservation, the Conservancy is respected as an effective partner rooted in sound science and adept at bringing people of differing views and interests together to find and implement solutions to our planet's greatest challenges.	pride-alliance	nature.org--newline--
booth	The New York Times	Stop by The New York Times booth for up to 50% off home delivery and digital subscriptions!  Plus, receive a free gift with your subscription!  	pride-alliance	nytimes.com--newline--
booth	The Phillips Collection	Encounter superb works of modern art in a personal setting at The Phillips Collection, an internationally recognized museum in Washington's Dupont Circle neighborhood. Paintings by Renoir and Rothko, Bonnard and O'Keeffe, van Gogh and Diebenkorn are among the many stunning impressionist and modern works that fill the museum's distinctive building, which combines extensive new galleries with the family home of its founder, Duncan Phillips. The collection continues to develop with selective new acquisitions, many by contemporary artists. Special exhibitions and frequent changes in the arrangement of the permanent collection mean that there's something new on every visit to the Phillips.	pride-alliance	phillipscollection.org--newline--
booth	The PrEP Clinic at Andromeda	The PrEP Clinic at Andromeda is located in Washington, DC and offers comprehensive health services for the LGBT community. Our clinic will work with you to protect your health in ways that fit your needs. Our clinic offers comprehensive HIV treatment services, STI screenings, mental health services, substance use treatment, Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP), and primary care.	pride-alliance	andromedaprep.org--newline--
booth	The Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism	The Religious Action Center (the RAC) serves as the social justice and legislative arm of the Union for Reform Judaism, whose 900 congregations across North America include 1.5 million Reform Jews, and the Central Conference of American Rabbis, whose membership includes more than 2,000 Reform rabbis. For over 50 years, the RAC had educated and mobilized the Reform Jewish community on over 70 different issues related to civil rights, economic justice and religious liberty.	pride-alliance	rac.org--newline--
booth	The Sage Colleges	To Be, To Know, To Do	pride-alliance	sage.edu--newline--
booth	The Trevor Project	Since 1998, The Trevor Project has provided life-saving crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to youth, especially those who are LGBTQ. Every day, young people in crisis connect to counselors through the Trevor's free and accredited phone, instant message and text messaging services. Trevor also offers the world's largest safe social networking community for LGBTQ youth, plus training for youth and adults, resources, and advocacy initiatives. Learn more at TheTrevorProject.org.	pride-alliance	thetrevorproject.org--newline--
booth	Thompson Creek Windows	Leading local manufacturer and installer of custom windows, doors, gutters, and siding.  Largest Home Improvement company in the DC, Maryland, and Virginia.  	pride-alliance	thompsoncreek.com--newline--
booth	Tifereth Israel Congregation	We are a welcoming, egalitarian Conservative DC congregation. Come visit any Shabbat and stay for lunch! 	pride-alliance	tifereth-israel.org--newline--
booth	Tish Mayne	Kitchen SaverÎ has been in continuous operation since 1986, serving Maryland, DC and VA kitchen remodeling needs through both custom kitchen remodeling and through the innovative money-saving option of custom cabinet renewal. Kitchen SaverÎ is committed to transforming an outdated kitchen using superior quality materials, real product innovation, exceptional customer service, and smart value that will exceed the customer's expectations!	pride-alliance	kitchensaver.com--newline--
booth	Tortilla Coast	 The latest Tortilla Coast serves fresh, authentic and flavorful Mexican fare in a lively and colorful space with true south-of-the border ambiance in the District's vibrant Logan Circle neighborhood.

From our juicy margaritas and house-made guacamole, to our savory entrees, rich desserts, and impressive array of beers, wines and tequilas, our offerings celebrate the unique ingredients and culinary styles of Mexico's Yucatan, Puebla, Veracruz and Baja regions. 	Capital-Pride-2015-Partners-Tortilla-Coast.jpg	tortillacoast.com--newline--
booth	Town Danceboutique	Town Danceboutique is the largest gay danceclub in Washington, D.C. It is a combination of a cabaret performance space, a plush lounge, and a high energy danceclub. There are two floors, multiple rooms, an outside smoking area, an amazing video installation, state of the art LED lighting, and multiple dancefloors and seating areas.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Town-Danceboutique.jpg	towndc.com--newline--
booth	Transgender Education Association (TGEA)	Transgender support, education, and outreach association. We are a 501C non-profit Virgina corporation	pride-alliance	tgea.net--newline--
booth	U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia	The United States Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia is unique among U.S. Attorney's Offices in the size and scope of its work. It serves as both the local and the federal prosecutor for the nation's capital. On the local side, these prosecutions extend from misdemeanor drug possession cases to murders. On the federal side, these prosecutions extend from child pornography to gangs to financial fraud to terrorism. In both roles, the Office is committed to being responsive and accountable to the citizens of the District of Columbia.	pride-alliance	justice.gov--newline--
booth	U.S. Department of Justice, Civil Rights Division & U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission	Federal Agencies that Enforce Federal Civil Rights Laws  	pride-alliance	doj.gov--newline--
booth	Uber	Uber is evolving the way the world moves. By seamlessly connecting riders to drivers through our apps, we make cities more accessible, opening up more possibilities for riders and more business for drivers. From our founding in 2009 to our launches in hundreds of cities today, Uber's rapidly expanding global presence continues to bring people and their cities closer.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Uber.jpg	uber.com--newline--
booth	Union, Dupont & Palisades Veterinary Clinics	We are three animal clinic located in Washington, DC	pride-alliance	unionvetclinic.com--newline--
booth	Unitarian Universalists of DC, Maryland, Virginia and the Washington Ethical Society	Unitarian Universalists and the Washington Ethical Society are congregations where people gather to nurture their spirits and put their faith into action by helping to make our communities, and the world, more just and fair. Experience transforming love at one of our congregations in DC, MD, or VA. Each congregation is different, yet all are united in common values of personal spiritual growth, inclusiveness, and social action.	pride-alliance	baltwashuus.org--newline--
booth	United Methodist Church	Reconciling United Methodist Churches from the Washington, DC area.	pride-alliance	foundryumc.org--newline--
booth	United States Armed Forces (DoD Military, Civilians, and families)	DoD Pride represents the military and civilian personnel of the United States Armed Forces as well as our families.   	pride-alliance	defense.gov--newline--
booth	Unity of Fairfax	At Unity of Fairfax, we offer a welcoming, safe environment to explore one's own relationship with God in a community of like-minded individuals.  We welcome people of all creeds, sexual orientation and social background.  In Unity we don't tell people what to think; rather, we offer tools that individuals can use to create lives of meaning and purpose.  It's an exciting time to be here because positive, empowering transformation is occurring!  First Service - 9:00 AM; Second Service and Youth Ed Classes - 11:00 AM; and Nursery & Child Care - 8:45 AM to 12:45 PM.	pride-alliance	unityoffairfax.org--newline--
booth	US Census Bureau	The Census Bureau's mission is to serve as the leading source of quality data about the nation's people and economy. We honor privacy, protect confidentiality, share our expertise globally, and conduct our work openly.    We are guided on this mission by scientific objectivity, our strong and capable workforce, our devotion to research-based innovation, and our abiding commitment to our customers.  	pride-alliance	census.gov--newline--
booth	USTA Mid-Atlantic Section	The USTA Mid-Atlantic Section, one of 17 sections of the United States Tennis Association, is a not-for-profit organization committed to promoting tennis by offering quality recreational and competitive programs for people of all ages and abilities. Our responsibility as the National Governing Body for the sport obligates us to identify and lead in removing barriers to allow us to be inclusive so that tennis reflects all of America.	pride-alliance	midatlantic.usta.com--newline--
booth	Verizon FiOS 	Verizon FiOS Internet, FiOS TV and Phone. With the fastest speeds in the country, FiOS Quantum Internet redefines high speed Internet. 	pride-alliance	verizon.com/events--newline--
booth	Vincent Orange, Councilmember At-Large, Council of the District of Columbia	Vincent Orange, Councilmember At-Large, represents constituents from all eight ward of the District. He Chairs the Committee on Business, Consumer and Regulatory Affairs and has championed laws that increase minimum wages, the living wage and economic develop by supporting public policies that promote and strengthens small business and urban revitalization.  	pride-alliance	vincentorangedc.com--newline--
booth	Vida	VIDA Fitness is a place to work on your BODY, MIND & SPIRIT to achieve a fuller and more balanced life.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Vida.jpg	vidafitness.com--newline--
booth	Virginia Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce	Established in 2014 and launching in 2015, the VGLCC seeks to diversify and strengthen Virginia's economy by uniting the Commonwealth's LGBT business community and integrating that dynamic demographic into the broader marketplace. Through the guiding principles of advocacy, collaboration, and education, the VGLCC aims to promote economic equality by serving as the nonpartisan voice of Virginia's LGBT entrepreneurs, innovators, job creators, and their allies. In short, the VGLCC's objective is to effectively weave the story of the LGBT community into the evolving narrative of Virginia's diverse 21st century economy.	pride-alliance	vglcc.org--newline--
booth	Viridian	Viridian Energy is a leading green energy supplier of electricity, natural gas, and solar, and has the industry expertise and resources to provide exceptional service to residential and commercial customers.  	pride-alliance	viridian.com/gogreenandsavegreenwithdea--newline--
booth	Walgreens	The Walgreen Company is the largest drug retailing chain in the United States. As of May 31, 2014, the company operated 8,217 stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Wallgreens.jpg	walgreens.com--newline--
booth	Wanda Alston Foundation 	he Wanda Alston Foundation is dedicated to ensuring that LGBTQ youth have access to services that improve their overall quality of life. This is achieved through advocacy and programming. The Wanda Alston Foundation advocates for increased resources for youth while providing programs including: housing, life skills training, linkages to other social services, and capacity building. 	pride-alliance	Wandaasltonfoundtion.org--newline--
booth	Washington Animal Rescue League	Now in it's 101st year, The Washington Animal Rescue League is the oldest  animal shelter in the District of Columbia.  Its mission continues to evolve as conditions change and animals face new and different challenges, but the core of that mission remains unchanged:  to honor and strengthen the human-animal bond by providing the best quality care for homeless dogs and cats, and supporting companion animals in their homes through affordable veterinary care, community outreach, and education.  WARL's Medical Center cares for our shelter animals as well as those from the general public. Making WARL your vet helps save more animals!	pride-alliance	warl.org--newline--
booth	Washington Blade	The Washington Blade was founded in 1969 as a black and white, one-sheet community newsletter distributed in D.C.-area bars. In October 2009, the Blade celebrated its 40th anniversary as an award-winning news source with a large following in print and online. Readers locally and around the world have come to rely on the Blade's unmatched coverage of LGBT news, earning the paper the moniker _the newspaper of record for the LGBT community.î	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Blade.jpg	washingtonblade.com--newline--
booth	Washington Chiropractic	Checking stresses on posture, motion and alligment	pride-alliance	washingtonchiropractic.net--newline--
booth	Washington Humane Society	The Washington Humane Society (WHS), the only Congressionally-chartered animal welfare agency in the United States, has been the area's leading voice for animals since 1870. As the open-access shelter in the Nation's Capital, the Washington Humane Society provides comfort and care to over 43,000 animals each year through adoption programs, low cost spay/neuter, aggressive trap-neuter-return for community cats, investigations of each allegation of animal cruelty and neglect, lost and found services, robust volunteer and foster care programs, and an award winning Humane Education program that teaches kindness to animals to the next generation of animal lovers.	pride-alliance	washhumane.org--newline--
booth	Washington National Cathedral	Washington National Cathedral is committed to full equality for LGBT people everywhere. It welcomes and affirms lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people as active members of our community. As part of the Episcopal Church, all aspects of ministry†ordained and lay†are open to people regardless of sexual orientation. The Cathedral advocates for the rights and freedoms of LGBT people in faith communities and in our society. The Cathedral's programs and the congregation's local LGBT ministry group explore issues at the intersection of faith and sexuality.	pride-alliance	cathedral.org--newline--
booth	Washington Renegades Rugby Football Club	The Washington Renegades,(dcrugby.com), the first rugby  club in North America to recruit gays, represents the D.C. area with rugby teams in Division III and  Division IV. The Renegades are members of USA Rugby and founding members of  International Gay Rugby (IGR).  The Club's Division III team is the  two-time Capital Rugby Union champion, and in 2014 the team advanced to the  national quarter/semi-finals -- a first for an IGR-member club.  The  Division IV side advanced to the Mid-Atlantic Conference semi-final in 2014 and  2015. Members of all levels of experience are always welcome.  Visit us at dcrugby.com or on Facebook.        	pride-alliance	dcrugby.com--newline--
booth	Washington Scandals Rugby Football Club	The Scandals are a straight-friendly, gay rugby club focusing on developing new and experienced players and educating them in the sport of rugby. All experience and athletic levels welcomed.	pride-alliance	scandalsrfc.org--newline--
booth	WeddingWire	WeddingWire, Inc., the global category leader company serving the $200 billion international wedding and events industry, is the largest online vertical marketplace connecting engaged couples with event professionals. With more than 2 million consumer reviews, it is the industry leader in consumer reviews. The site enables engaged couples to search, compare and book from an extensive database of more than 200,000 recently reviewed event professionals, from venues to photographers. WeddingWire provides event professionals with the technology they need to serve their clients, including a SaaS platform, which powers advertising, marketing, and CRM needs of local wedding and events businesses nationwide. 	pride-alliance	weddingwire.com--newline--
booth	WeJustCleanUp	If you need anything cleaned up 24hrs a day 7 days a week WeJustCleanUp is the ultimate solution for all your clean up needs. No job is to BIG OR SMALL when it comes to cleaning up anything. Our only goal is to be fast, reliable, and efficient every time at ONE FLAT RATE!	pride-alliance	wejustcleanup.com--newline--
booth	Wells Fargo	We've become one of the nation's largest financial institutions, serving one in three U.S. households and employing one in 500 working Americans. We have team members in more than 35 countries outside the U.S., serving 70 million customers in more than 130 countries around the world. In a cover story early in 2012, Forbes noted that we are _The Bank That Works.î The magazine also ranks us among the top 10 companies in the world based on a composite of sales, assets, profits and market value. We're now in the top 10 among all U.S. companies in profits and in the top 15 in U.S. market value. The reason for this is simple. We've never lost sight of putting our customers first and helping them succeed financially.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Well-Fargo.gif	wellsfargo.com--newline--
booth	Wet	Founded in 1989 By Michael Trigg, Trigg Laboratories manufactures premium sexual wellness and consumer healthcare products and is the parent company of Wet International, Inc., one of the world’s best-selling lines of personal lubricants and intimacy products.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Wet.jpg	stayswetlonger.com--newline--
booth	Whitman-Walker Health	Our mission is to be the highest quality, culturally competent community health center serving greater Washington's diverse urban community, including individuals who face barriers to accessing care, and with a special expertise in LGBT and HIV care. - See more at: whitman-walker.org/our-mission-values/#sthash.qmnbwu86.dpuf	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Ruby-Prez-Whitman-Walker.png	whitman-walker.org--newline--
booth	Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company	Woolly Mammoth was founded in Washington, DC in 1980. Now in our 35th season, Woolly is _óthe hottest theatre company in town” (The Washington Post, May 2008), _known for its productions of innovative new plays” (The New York Times, November 2007). We've garnered this reputation by holding fast to our unique mission: to ignite an explosive engagement between theatre artists and the community by developing, producing, and promoting new plays that explore the edges of theatrical style and human experience, and by implementing new ways to use the artistry of theatre to serve the people of Greater Washington, DC.	pride-alliance	woollymammoth.net--newline--
booth	Year Up National Capital Region 	Year Up National Capital Region brings young adults from poverty to professional careers in only one year. Our information technology-focused workforce development program trains 18-24 year-olds in marketable job, life, and financial literacy skills. Students also obtain college credits and are placed on paid internships in top corporations. On average, 85% of our graduates are employed in livable-wage jobs and/or enrolled in college only four months after graduation.	pride-alliance	yearup.org--newline--
booth	Ziegfeld's & Secrets	Ziegfeld's & Secrets, DC's Total Entertainment Complex for Adult Entertainment.  Featuring DC Legend Ella Fitzgerald every Saturday in Ziegfeld's, Ziegfeld's is open Fri & Sat's. and the Totally Nude Exotic Dancers of Secrets, Wed thru Sunday.... Doors open @ 9pm.  Car # 2  Miss Ziegfeld's 2015 Kristal Smith the Little Latin Goddess.  	pride-alliance	secretsdc.com--newline--
booth	Zipcar	It's been more than a decade since our founders sat in a caf_ and decided to bring the European car-sharing idea to North America. Once the wheels were in motion, it was only a matter of time before some major changes helped grow a little car-sharing company into the world's leading car-sharing network. Today, thanks to cool technology, a member-driven user experience, and an amazing team of hands-on car sharing enthusiasts, we are redefining the way this generation thinks about alternative transportation.	Capital-Pride-2015-Sponsors-Zipcar.jpg	zipcar.com--newline--