booth	[solidcore]	"[solidcore] is a 50-minute, full body workout in a class-based fitness studio with no more than 13 clients in class at a time. We use slow and controlled full-body movements with constant tension to work your muscle fibers to failure. This low-impact process forces your muscles to rebuild a more sculpted, stronger and [solid] you. Each class has a certified [solidcore] coach that motivates you the entire time to push yourself further than you would on your own. And with small class sizes, you are guaranteed a personalized, personal training-like experience every time."	http://www.solidcore.co--newline--booth	10 Billion Lives Tour	"Watch a 4-minute video, get paid a dollar!"	http://10billionlives.com--newline--booth	Abbvie Hepatitis C Community Education Program	"The Hepatitis C Community Educator Program is an educational program designed to help patients learn more about hepatitis C.  The objective of the program is to facilitate help-seeking on the part of patients and consumers, so that they are seen by an appropriate health care professional for the disease, and are well-informed regarding the condition."	http://www.hepceducate.com--newline--booth	Adas Israel Congregation	" Adas Israel seeks to create a unique, shared space where we can discover what it means to be human and to be part of a sacred community. Through the medium of Judaism, we foster moments that celebrate the joy and wonder of being alive, of being connected to the world, of feeling amazed by life, of being awed by God, of finding intimacy & connection in the presence of each other.     In that joy and wonder, we seek to travel the path of sacred action, kindness, and repairing the world. "	http://adasisrael.org/--newline--booth	Adas Israel Congregation	" Adas Israel seeks to create a unique, shared space where we can discover what it means to be human and to be part of a sacred community. Through the medium of Judaism, we foster moments that celebrate the joy and wonder of being alive, of being connected to the world, of feeling amazed by life,of being awed by God, of finding intimacy & connection in the presence of each other.     In that joy and wonder, we seek to travel the path of sacred action, kindness, and repairing the world. "	http://adasisrael.org/--newline--booth	Adonis Underwear by Kyhry	The sexiest online boutique selling the hottest underwear for men.	http://adonisunderwear.com/--newline--booth	Adt	Home security info 	http://adt.com--newline--booth	Advocates for Survivors of Torture and Trauma	"Since 1994, ASTT has offered comprehensive psychological counseling and human services case management support to survivors of torture and trauma seeking political asylum in DC and Baltimore.     In 2015, ASTT established the ASTT LGBT Initiative (ALIVE) for the purpose of connecting our LGBT clients with the larger LGBT community in Washington, DC and to serve as a community of support for those who might not otherwise find the support they need.    We are dedicated to the mission of ensuring our clients gets the support they deserve and are proud to be part of the vibrant LGBT community in Washington, DC."	http://www.astt.org--newline--booth	"Affirmation LGBT Mormons, Families & Friends"	"Support, Fellowship and Advocacy Organization for LGBT Mormons, their families and friends. "	http://www.affirmation.org--newline--booth	Affordable Home Fix Services	Home Improvement Services	http://www.affordablehomefix.com--newline--booth	AFGE (American Federation of Government Employees	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	AFSP (American Foundation for Suicide Prevention)	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	AHF	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	All Souls Memorial Episcopal Church	"The mission of All Souls Church is to be a Christ-centered sanctuary where a diverse community worships and serves. We live this mission through faithful celebration of the Eucharist, Christian Education, and loving nurture of both members and neighbors."	http://www.allsoulsdc.org--newline--booth	Amber Forever Amber	"Authentic amber jewelry. Pride rings, opal and sterling."	http://www.amberforeveramber.com--newline--booth	American Civil Liberties Union of the Nation's Capital	"The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is the nationwide non-profit, non-partisan organization devoted to ensuring free speech, equal rights, and other civil liberties."	http://aclu-nca.org/--newline--booth	"American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, National Capital Area"	"The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) is the leader in the fight against suicide. We fund research, create educational programs, advocate for public policy, and support survivors of suicide loss.To fully achieve its mission, AFSP engages in the following Five Core Strategies:  -Fund scientific research  -Offer educational programs for professionals  -Educate the public about mood disorders and suicide prevention  -Promote policies and legislation that impact suicide and prevention  -Provide programs and resources for survivors of suicide loss and people at risk, and involve them in the work of the Foundation  "	http://www.afsp.org/ncac--newline--booth	American Military Partner Association	"The American Military Partner Association (AMPA) is committed to education, advocacy, and support for the partners, spouses, families, and allies of LGBT service members and veterans."	http://militarypartners.org/--newline--booth	American University Pride Alumni Alliance	"American University Pride Alumni Alliance (AU Pride) connects and engages the LGBT and ally communities of AU Alumni through celebrating diversity and increasing visibility. Achieving these goals lies in the continued engagement of our Pride Alumni through active participation, volunteer opportunities, philanthropic commitment to American University, and raising awareness of the issues affecting the LGBT and ally communities at large."	http://alumniassociation.american.edu/aupride--newline--booth	Americans United for Separation of Church and State	"Americans United for Separation of Church and State is a nonpartisan educational organization dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation as the only way to ensure religious freedom for all Americans.  Founded in 1947, Americans United works in the courts, in Congress and state legislatures, at the White House and in the arena of public opinion. "	http://www.au.org--newline--booth	Ameritech Construction	"Ready to make some exterior upgrades on your home? Ameritech is a energy efficient company that works on the exterior of your home, such as Windows, Doors, Siding, Trim and Roofing. Come get a free estimate today!"	http://www.superwindows.com--newline--booth	Ameritech Construction 	"Energy efficient products exterior of the home, windows, doors, siding, trim, roofing. Come get a free estimate!"	http://www.superwindows.com--newline--booth	Amnesty International USA	"Amnesty International USA (AIUSA) is the U.S. section of Amnesty International, a Nobel Peace Prize-winning, global movement of more than 7 million people in more than 190 countries who campaign for a world where human rights are enjoyed by all. The organization investigates and exposes abuses, educates and mobilizes the public, and works to protect people wherever justice, freedom, truth, and dignity are denied."	http://www.amnestyusa.org/--newline--booth	Amtrak	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Annapolis Best Twins Movers	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Apple Frankie's	Food Vendor	http://www.applefrankies.com--newline--booth	Ardiente	"We are a GLBT Night club Promoting Only Saturday nights at Phase1ofDupont. We Also help community with HIV Testing. With Empoderate, Salud INC."	placeholder--newline--booth	Arena Stage	"Coming this summer to Arena Stage, a world-premiere musical from the Tony-nominated ""heirs to Rodgers and Hammerstein"" (Variety) and the Tony-nominated director of Rent, Next to Normal and If/Then. DEAR EVAN HANSEN stars Ben Platt (Pitch Perfect) and runs July 10 - August 23. Ticket information is available at www.arenastage.org."	http://www.arenastage.org--newline--booth	Arlington Gay & Lesbian Alliance (AGLA)	"AGLA is a vibrant, grassroots membership organization that strives to improve the quality of life and meet the needs of the Arlington lesbian, gay, bisexual, & transgender (LGBT) community and allies through education and leadership. AGLA reflects the diversity of Arlington and builds relationships with civic groups and community leaders.    Through social activities, we provide a safe and comfortable community. Through nonpartisan political outreach, AGLA earns the respect of community leaders and ensures that LGBT voices remain an integral part of the local government decision-making process. Through community service projects, we reflect our commitment to improving the quality of life."	http://www.agla.org--newline--booth	Association of Welcoming & Affirming Baptists	"The Association of Welcoming & Affirming Baptists is the National Voice for LGBTQ and Allied Baptists. Since 1993 AWAB has been supporting churches in being and becoming Welcoming and Affirming of all people regardless of gender identity or sexual orientation.  The AWAB churches in the DC/MD/VA area include  Calvary Baptist, Riverside Baptist, Covenant Baptist, New Hope Baptist/UCC, Twinbrook Baptist, Ravensworth Baptist, Washington Plaza Baptist, Commonwealth Baptist and the Empowerment Liberation Cathedral.  AWAB has been marching in the Capitol Pride Parade for the last 11 years."	http://www.awab.org--newline--booth	AT&T	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	AtlasVet	"AtlasVet strives to provide the best medical care for companion animals in Capitol Hill and the Washington, DC area. We accomplish this by having an educated, friendly staff, by using the most up-to-date medical techniques and equipment, by providing proactive animal health care solutions to the community, and by helping pet owners understand and strengthen the human-animal bond. "	http://www.atlasvetdc.com--newline--booth	AXIOS/DC	AXIOS/DC is the LGBT Eastern Christian fellowship of the national capital area.	http://axiosdc.org--newline--booth	BAE Systems Inc	"BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, a global defense, security and aerospace company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services."	placeholder--newline--booth	Balance Gym	Come join us for a workout and see why we're DC's Best Gym! 	http://balancegym.com--newline--booth	Bartered Threads	Resale Boutique 	http://www.barteredthreads.com--newline--booth	Bath Fitter	Info on bath safety and how our products can help	http://www.bathfitter.com--newline--booth	Be You Fashion	"Handmade Hats and Bags, Jewelry from Madagascar"	http://www.beyoufashion.com--newline--booth	Beldon Home Solutions	Beldon Home Solutions is a company that install LeafGuard gutters systems  and replacement windows. 	http://leafguard.com--newline--booth	Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream	Retail ice cream	http://dcbenjerry.com--newline--booth	Bet Mishpachah	"The Washington,DC area's GLBT synagogue, embracing and celebrating the diversity of sexual and gender identities. We meet every Friday evening at 8 PM and on the 2nd & 4th Saturday morning at 10 AM at the DC JCC  on 16th & Q Sts NW."	http://www.betmish.org--newline--booth	Big Bus Tours	"Big Bus Tours is the largest, privately owned operator of open-top sightseeing tours in the World, providing tours in 16 cities and across three continents and is committed to providing a premium product with excellent vehicles and unbeatable customer service.   The Big Bus tour of Washington DC takes you to all the famous landmarks and reveals the nation's capital's fascinating history; from the legacy of Abraham Lincoln to L'Enfant's visionary city plan, to the stunning memorials and their inspiring stories."	http://bigbustours.com--newline--booth	Blue Dog Boarding and Daycare Kensington	"Providing award winning  dog daycare, cat and dog boarding, and grooming. View your dog on our web cams while you are away.We are open for 6am til 9pm every day of the year.  Our indoor facility is climate controlled with a turf ""yard"" for your dog's bathroom needs."	http://www.dogboarding.net--newline--booth	Bobby McKey's Dueling Piano Bar	"Looking for an exciting venue to host your next office party, FUNraiser, birthday, or girls night out?  Bobby McKey's is the one and only Dueling Piano Bar in the D.C. area, and will certainly give you an experience like NO other.  We are a high-energy, interactive Dueling Piano Bar, blending all request live music with improvisational humor & providing entertainment for everyone. "	https://bobbymckeys.com/--newline--booth	Boeing	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Booz Allen Hamilton	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Borderstan.com	"We are a hyperlocal news publisher covering Dupont, Logan, U Street and Columbia Heights"	http://www.borderstan.com--newline--booth	Branchville Volunteers	"Volunteer Fire Department located in Prince George's County, providing Fire/EMS services to College Park, Greenbelt, Hyattsville, and surrounding jurisdictions. We are a 100% Volunteer Fire Company who happily serve the citizens of Prince George's County for free!"	http://www.bvfco11.com--newline--booth	"Brianne K. Nadeau, Councilmember Ward 1"	"Office of the Councilmember for Ward 1 in Washington, D.C."	http://www.brianneknadeau.com--newline--booth	BRO	"BRO is a new social app just for men! BRO is for men interested in finding real friends, dates, and long-term relationships with other guys. Go beyond one night stands, hookups, & fake profiles to find your true BRO!"	http://www.bro.social--newline--booth	Calvary Baptist Church	An opening and affirming Baptist Church.	http://www.calvarydc.org--newline--booth	Capital Area Food Bank	"The mission of the Capital Area Food Bank is to feed those who suffer from hunger in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area by acquiring food and distributing it through our network of member agencies; and to educate, empower and enlighten the community about the issues of hunger and nutrition."	http://www.capitalareafoodbank.org--newline--booth	Capital Area Rainbowlers Association	"The Capital Area Rainbowlers Association (CARA) is a member-supported organization composed of gay and lesbian bowling leagues in the metropolitan Washington, DC area. CARA serves to promote the sport of bowling in the national capital area's GLBT community."	http://www.carabowling.org--newline--booth	Capital Center for Psychotherapy and Wellness	"A safe, comforting environment complete with psychologists, a massage therapist, a nutritionist, and an acupuncturist. "	placeholder--newline--booth	Capital One	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Capital Party Rentals	"Capital Party Rentals is here to help with all of your rental needs!  We have a wide variety of rental items, including tents, tables, chairs, linen, etc.  We look forward to helping you customize your next party, festival or wedding!"	http://www.capitalpartyrentals.com--newline--booth	Capital Splats Racquetball League	A league for DC area racquetball enthusiasts of all skill levels.  	http://www.capitalsplats.org--newline--booth	Capital Tennis Association	"The Capital Tennis Association is a not-for-profit organization that coordinates and promotes the sport of tennis among the DC metropolitan LGBT community. CTA is one of the largest and most active LGBT sports organizations in the DC area, with more than 300 current members."	http://www.capital-tennis.org/--newline--booth	Capitol Canines Animal Rescue	"Capitol Canines Animal Rescue is a nonprofit, volunteer-based animal rescue organization that advocates on behalf of homeless animals abandoned in severely under-resourced shelters throughout the Southeast region of the U.S. We place each adoptable companions into foster homes until his or her perfect ""furever"" home comes along. Furthermore, we endeavor to circulate knowledge and promote initiatives that support compassion toward animals, such as responsible companion animal relationships, as well as legislative objectives, policies, and procedures that promote the humane treatment and better overall welfare of our four-legged friends."	http://www.capitolcanines.org--newline--booth	CareFirst ProPride	"CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is a not-for-profit, non-stock health services company which, through its affiliates and subsidiaries, offers a comprehensive portfolio of products and administrative services to individuals and groups in Maryland, the District of Columbia and portions of Northern Virginia."	placeholder--newline--booth	CareFirst ProPride	"CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is a not-for-profit, non-stock health services company which, through its affiliates and subsidiaries, offers a comprehensive portfolio of products and administrative services to individuals and groups in Maryland, the District of Columbia and portions of Northern Virginia."	placeholder--newline--booth	Casa Ruby	"Casa Ruby is a multicultural LGBT  organization providing educational, health, housing and social services to individuals facing poverty In the nations capital. We focus on the needs of Transgender, queer and gender non conforming gay, lesbian, bisexual as well as  youth and LGBT immigrants."	http://www.casaruby.org--newline--booth	CCWDC-UCC	Open and Inclusive church in South East DC	http://ccwdc.org--newline--booth	Celebrity Cruises	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Centaur MC/ Leather Contingent	Members of the local Leather and Levi Clubs of Washington DC along with Mr. Mid-Atlantic Leather 2015 and other Leather Titleholders	http://www.centaurmc.net--newline--booth	Central Intelligence Agency	"The CIA is an independent agency responsible for providing national security intelligence to senior US policymakers.  The CIA's mission: We are the eyes and the ears of the nation and, at times, its hidden hand.  We accomplish the mission by:  collecting intelligence that matters; providing relevant, timely, and objective all-source analysis; conducting covert action at the direction of the President to preempt threats or achieve US policy objectives.    Applicants must have US citizenship and the ability to successfully complete medical examinations/security procedures including a polygraph examination.  Applicants must apply online (www.cia.gov) in order to be considered for any position.  "	http://www.cia.gov--newline--booth	Chavez Schools 	"The Chavez Schools’ mission is to prepare scholars to succeed in competitive colleges and to empower them to use public policy to create a more just, free, and equal world."	http://www.chavezschools.org--newline--booth	check test	test	placeholder--newline--booth	Chesapeake and Potomac Softball (CAPS)	CAPS is a social softball organization catering to the LGTB community in the DC/MD/VA region. 	http://www.capssoftball.org--newline--booth	Chipotle	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Chocolate City Burlesque & Cabaret	"DC's newest burlesque troupe dedicated to celebrating the African American experience and preserving the history of black burlesque. We don't just put on shows, we create an experience. #CCBC prides itself on being part of the larger WDC community. "	http://www.chocolatecityburlesque.com--newline--booth	Choice Hotels	"LGBT Employee Resource Group representing Choice Hotels International which is one of the largest and most successful lodging companies in the world. Choice currently franchises more than 6,300 hotels, representing more than 500,000 rooms, in more than 35 countries and territories."	http://www.choicehotels.com/--newline--booth	Choice Hotels	"Choice Hotels International is one of the largest and most successful lodging companies in the world. Choice currently franchises more than 6,300 hotels, representing more than 500,000 rooms, in more than 35 countries and territories with a large LGBT employee base and customer base."	http://www.choicehotels.com/--newline--booth	Choice Hotels	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Church of the Pilgrims	"Church of the Pilgrims is a diverse, inclusive, contemporary congregation with a sense of history located in Dupont Circle and affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.). We are a ""More Light Church,"" welcoming LGBTQ persons into full participation, including leadership, sacraments, and marriage. We have a long-standing commitment to the city, serving the homeless and engaging the struggle for justice and peace."	http://www.churchofthepilgrims.org--newline--booth	ChurchesUnitedInPride	"Metropolitan Community Churches from DC, Maryland, and Virginia are coming together to celebrate Pride and proclaim God’s radically inclusive love. MCC, a forerunner in the effort to attain marriage equality, is a powerful voice in the LGBTQIA movement, where ALL of God's children are welcomed. The Unity Fellowship Church Movement joins MCC, sharing its message that God is love and love is for everyone. GROW Continuum, an interfaith ministry that supports each person in having a personal experience of God, is also part of our Pride faith coalition. Together we are “ChurchesUnitedInPride”."	http://mccdc.com/--newline--booth	CIC Wealth	"CIC Wealth takes a holistic approach to financial planning.  We are experienced in handling the challenges and relevant issues that many of our LGBT clients face.  We help you design a strategy and educate you about your investments to help you live worry-free now and in the future. CIC Wealth is respected in the industry and the financial media, writing frequently for the Wall Street Journal, Forbes and a myriad of other financial publications.  Securities and advisory services offered through Commonwealth Financial Network, Member FINRA/SIPC, a Registered Investment Adviser.  Fixed insurance products and services offered through CES Insurance Agency"	http://www.cicwealth.com--newline--booth	Citi Community Development (LGBT Employees)	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	City Dogs Rescue	We are a Washington DC based non profit organization that rescues dogs from high kill shelters in the region and finds those dogs forever homes in the DC metropolitan area.	http://www.citydogsrescuedc.org/--newline--booth	Cleveland Park Congregational United Church of Christ	"Cleveland Park Congregational Church is a member of the United Church of Christ, a mainstream Protestant denomination.  Our church, founded in 1918, has been active in the life of Cleveland Park and Washington ever since.    We are a church that is always stretching and growing, trying to be faithful to God's call to love our neighbor as ourselves.  Like other Congregational UCC churches, we arrived early on issues of justice and equality.  For example, our pastor performed a marriage to two long time members as soon as the District of Columbia passed the Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment."	https:www.cpcchurch.org--newline--booth	Closet America	"Custom Organizational Closet, Home Office, Garage, Pantry and Mudroom Systems"	placeholder--newline--booth	Cobalt	Cobalt	http://www.cobaltdc.com--newline--booth	Coldwell Banker	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Compassion Over Killing	"Compassion Over Killing (COK) is a national nonprofit 501(c)(3) animal advocacy organization headquartered in Washington, DC, with an additional office in Los Angeles, CA. Working to end animal abuse since 1995, COK focuses on cruelty to animals in agriculture and promotes vegetarian eating as a way to build a kinder world for all of us, both human and nonhuman."	http://cok.net/--newline--booth	Congregation Etz Hayim	"Celebrating 75 years in Arlington, Virginia! Our services are egalitarian and open to participation for our longtime and newest members, as well as guests. We are affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism."	http://www.etzhayim.net--newline--booth	Councilmember Charles Allen - Ward 6	"Charles Allen, Ward 6 member of the DC Council"	http://www.charlesallenward6.com--newline--booth	Councilmember Jack Evans	DC Councilmember for Ward 2.	http://www.jackevans.org--newline--booth	CSC	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	"D.C. Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking"	"The D.C. Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking regulates the insurance, securities and banking industries here in the District of Columbia to ensure they follow the laws, rules and regulations of the city. The agency also ensures that consumers are treated fairly by these companies.  "	http://www.disb.dc.gov--newline--booth	Dacha Beer Garden	DC's best beer garden located in the beautiful Shaw neighborhood.	http://dachadc.com--newline--booth	DARCARS	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Darryl! Moch	"Our primary work is connecting people to resources, advocacy, and empowering individuals and families to seek, access, and participate in a wide range of services and activities that will improve the conditions their lives. We provide health information resources, with community partners we provide access to health screenings including general health awareness and prevention screenings and HIV, Hepatitis C, and other sexually transmitted infection screenings. With our ministerial partner, Inner Light Ministries, we provide youth engagement activities, safe space activities, safe space activities for LGBTQ youth, family support services and counseling.   "	http://www.innerlightinc.org--newline--booth	DC Brau	"We are Washington DC's First Production Brewery since 1956.  We are a brewery for the people! Our mission is to provide delicious Craft Beer to every citizen of the District and surrounding areas, while giving back to the community who supports us. "	http://www.dcbrau.com--newline--booth	DC Central Kitchen	"Each day, DCCK converts produce and leftover food into 6,300 free meals for hungry and homeless individuals in our community. We believe that the best way to feed our city’s line of hungry people is to shorten it; each of our programs pairs food with empowerment. Our Culinary Job Training program enrolls unemployed adults with histories of homelessness and incarceration, preparing them for new careers. Our Healthy Corners program offers quality food and nutrition education, targeting hunger and in our city. These initiatives advance our mission of using food as a tool to strengthen bodies, empower minds, and build communities."	http://www.dccentralkitchen.org--newline--booth	DC Council Chairman Phil Mendelson	Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia	http://www.chairmanmendelson.com--newline--booth	DC Council Chairman Phil Mendelson	Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia	http://www.chairmanmendelson.com--newline--booth	DC Front Runners	"DC Front Runners is a running, walking and social club serving Washington DC's LGBT community and their friends for over 30 years. Membership is open to all people regardless of age, gender, race, pace or sexual orientation."	http://www.dcfrontrunners.org--newline--booth	DC Gurly Show and DC Kings	"Pushing beyond gender boundaries, the DC Kings is a drag king performance troupe whose performances include but are not limited to male impersonation, singing, lip syncing, and comedy.     Started in 2005 the DC Gurly Show is a unique LGBTQ burlesque troupe built to foster an encouraging and supportive community and educate performers in the style of burlesque.    Both group accept all shapes, sizes, colors, and orientations, and is an open, safe space for novice and seasoned performers to grow.   "	http://www.dckings.com--newline--booth	DC Leather Pride	"Bringing together the leather community in Washington, D.C. Central source for pride events & leather/fetish clubs for the LGBT community and friends."	placeholder--newline--booth	DC Office of Human Rights	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	DC Public Library	"The District of Columbia Public Library is a vibrant center of activity for residents and visitors in the nation’s capital. The library provides environments that invite reading, learning and community discussion and equips people to learn all their lives, to embrace diversity and to build a thriving city. We are proud to be a recognized force in the community for engaging the mind, expanding opportunities and elevating the quality of life."	http://dclibrary.org--newline--booth	DC Public Schools	"DCPS is the public school system for the District of Columbia, serving over 46,000 students. "	http://dcps.dc.gov--newline--booth	DC Rawhides	The DC Rawhides promote country western dancing among the LGBT community by teaching and holding  the twice monthly dance--Town and Country.	https://dcrawhides.wordpress.com--newline--booth	DC Rock Jocks	"Your connection to rock climbing for the LGBT community of the greater Washington, D.C. metropolitan area."	http://www.dcrockjocks.com/--newline--booth	DC Rock Jocks	"Rock climbing for the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area"	http://dcrockjocks.com/--newline--booth	DC Strokes Rowing Club	"DC Strokes Rowing Club (DCSRC) is committed to building an inclusive environment, fostering personal growth, and promoting a spirit of sportsmanship. DCSRC programs offer opportunities for all rowers, regardless of experience level. Today, DCSRC is one of only a handful of dedicated, independent LGBT rowing clubs in the world."	http://www.dcstrokes.org--newline--booth	DC Water	"DC Water is the largest advanced wastewater treatment plant in the world.    Vision-Provide world-class water and wastewater services as a leading steward of the environment.    Mission-Serve all of our customers with outstanding service by providing reliable and cost-effective water and wastewater services in accordance with best practices.    Values-  1) Respectful, responsive, and sensitive to the needs of our customers and employees  2) Ethical and professional conduct  3) Vigilant to ensure optimal health, safety and environmental outcomes  4) Dedicated to teamwork and cooperation  5) Committed to equity, trust, and integrity in all that we do"	http://www.dcwater.com--newline--booth	DC Water	"DC Water is the largest advanced wastewater treatment plant in the world.    Vision-Provide world-class water and wastewater services as a leading steward of the environment.    Mission-Serve all of our customers with outstanding service by providing reliable and cost-effective water and wastewater services in accordance with best practices.    Values-  1) Respectful, responsive, and sensitive to the needs of our customers and employees  2) Ethical and professional conduct  3) Vigilant to ensure optimal health, safety and environmental outcomes  4) Dedicated to teamwork and cooperation  5) Committed to equity, trust, and integrity in all that we do  "	http://www.dcwater.com--newline--booth	DC's Different Drummers	"DC’s Different Drummers (DCDD) is a premier all-volunteer, community instrumental music organization in the Washington, DC region. Founded in 1980 to provide support and community for LGBT musicians, DCDD has grown to an organization with three major ensembles and over a hundred instrumental musicians.  The organization includes the Different Drummers Marching Band; the Capital Pride Symphonic Band, DC Swing! and various small ensembles.  DCDD provides a supportive environment for LGBT and allied members to present quality instrumental music programming that entertains, challenges, educates, and inspires."	http://www.dcdd.org--newline--booth	DCRCC	"The DC Rape Crisis Center is a non-profit organization (501(c)(3)) and the designated sexual assault coalition for the District of Columbia. DCRCC is one of the first rape crisis centers in the nation and has spent the past 43 years listening to the stories of survivors of sexual assault. In our 43rd year, we are working to power a culture of consent."	https://www.dcrcc.org--newline--booth	Deloitte	"Deloitte provides audit, consulting, financial advisory, risk management, tax and related services to select clients across the globe. Deloitte is made up of a network of firms and has various Business Resource Groups that support and promote Deloitte’s diverse and inclusive culture. Deloitte Consulting has scored 100% on the Human Right’s Campaign Corporate Equality Index for the last eight years and has won many other awards and accolades from respected groups including Fortune and DiversityInc for its strong commitment for workplace inclusion."	http://www.deloitte.com--newline--booth	Denizens Brewing Co	"Denizens Brewing Co is the DC area's only gay-owned and women-owned brewery. Open since July 2014, Denizens has produced over 20 brews and always has a rotating selection at their location in downtown Silver Spring, MD. Their two-level taproom and 200 seat beer garden is a five minute walk from the Silver Spring metro stop on the red line. "	http://www.denizensbrewingco.com--newline--booth	Department of Energy	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Diageo Rainbow Network	TBD	placeholder--newline--booth	Dignity/Washington	"A Community of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Catholics, Our Families, and Friends"	http://www.dignitywashington.org--newline--booth	District of Columbia Aquatics Club (DCAC)	"DCAC is a high-energy swim team and social club whose mission is to promote competitive and fitness swimming for lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transgender, and their friends in a team-oriented, coached setting that welcomes all ages and ability levels!"	http://www.swimdcac.org--newline--booth	District Smoke Style	"Cannabis Style is a DC based retailer of high quality clothing, paraphernalia, and information.  Our organization aims to continue the push to legalize marijuana, with a portion of profits going to DC Norml.org"	http://Cannabisstyle.com--newline--booth	Dog is Good	"Dog is Good is a Dog Lifestyle company creating and marketing gifts and apparel for dog lovers. They have also developed a reputation for generously giving back to animal welfare organizations.    The company's success lies in its ability to deliver a simple message in a way that resonates with dog lovers. With clever and poignant sentiments, they remind us all how great it feels to be with Dog."	http://www.dogisgood.com--newline--booth	Donate Life - Be A Donor	"As the federally-designated organ procurement organization (OPO) for the Washington region, WRTC is responsible for responding to every potential organ, tissue and eye donation. All hospitals are required by law to call their local OPO on every death and every imminent death. With one call to WRTC, a complex and sophisticated donation process brings together a donor, a donor family, surgical recovery and transplant teams, patients on the transplant waiting list, and ultimately patients who benefit from tissue transplants. "	http://www.beadonor.org--newline--booth	Donor Sibling Registry	"The Donor Sibling Registry (DSR) was created in September 2000, by Wendy Kramer and her son, Ryan. Certain that other donor offspring would have the same curiosity as Ryan about his genetic origins - yet also knowing that sadly, no public outlet existed for mutual consent contact between people born from anonymous sperm donation, this site was started as the logical next step to making those connections. The DSR currently has 45,700 members (One third of DSR parents are LGBT) and has helped to connect 12,050 donor conceived people with their half siblings and/or their donors. "	http://www.donorsiblingregistry.com--newline--booth	DORTCHDESIGNS	"Anthony Dortch is nothing if not playful, at least when it comes to creating - and describing - his colorful mixed-media artwork. All of Dortch's artwork is inspired by his love of comic books. He embellishes and manipulates photography to inspire and engage building from the principle: ""No One Is Ordinary."""	http://www.dortchdesigns.com--newline--booth	Dulles Triangles	"Dulles Triangles is THE social club for area gays, lesbians, bisexuals, transgendered and their family and friends. We offer an alternative SOCIAL outlet for GLBT folks with a wide variety of activities such as: parties, movies, theater, dinners, travel, tours, camping... pretty much whatever our members can think of. Check out our web site or follow us on Meetup and Facebook."	http://dullestriangles.com--newline--booth	Dupont Circle ANC 2B	ANC that proudly hosted the first pride day and continues to host the Capital Pride Parade every year. 	http://dupontcircleanc.net--newline--booth	Dupont Circle Citizens Association (DCCA)	"Since 1922, Dupont Circle Citizens Association has worked for a neighborhood where all people are welcome.  Members and Scoop the dog are proud to live in a diverse, neighborly, green, clean, safe, historic and welcoming neighborhood. "	http://www.dupont-circle.org--newline--booth	Dupont Festival	"Organize and impliment a wide range of activities in Dupont Circle, including but not limited to world cup soccer, movies, plays, groundhogs day and police appreciation."	http://dupontfestival.org--newline--booth	Eastern Women's Baseball Conference	"For over 20 years, the Eastern Women’s Baseball Conference (EWBC) has been providing opportunities for women and girls in the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore metropolitan area to play baseball. The league currently features four teams playing in a season, which begins in May and goes through August. The EWBC provides indoor training and workouts during the winter months.  For competitive players, the EWBC also has an all-star team – the DC Thunder – that plays in regional and national tournaments."	http://www.easternwomensbaseball.org--newline--booth	Edward Jones Investments	"Paul Sexton, Financial Services"	http://www.edwardjones.com--newline--booth	Episcopal Church of the Ascension	"Ascension is a thriving inclusive, diverse, and multi-cultural faith community in the Episcopal Diocese of Washington. No matter where one is on one's spiritual journey, all are welcome. Our ministries include inspiring worship (with preaching & music); Christian formation for adults, youth, and children; outreach to those in need, local and global; social justice advocacy; pastoral care in times of loss, crisis, or transition; fellowship/sister-ship for young adults, young parents, seniors, women & men, and LGBT persons and families; opportunities for discovering and exercising one's spiritual gifts; ecumenical and interfaith partnerships. We are a place to be, belong, and become.  "	http://www.ascensionsilverspring.org--newline--booth	Erie Insurance	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Ernest Walker	"Founded in 1985  Us Helping Us, People Into Living, Inc. (UHU) is one of the largest gay-identified Black AIDS organizations in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area.  The mission of UHU is to improve the health and well-being of Black gay men through innovative programs and services, and – through a vision of inclusiveness – to reducing the impact of HIV/AIDS in the entire Black community.  Today, UHU specializes in HIV risk reduction interventions for Black men who have sex with men (MSM) and provides HIV counseling and testing, mental health services, and case management "	http://www.uhupil.org--newline--booth	Ernst & Young LLP	"Ernst & Young is a global leader in assurance, tax, transactions and  advisory services."	http://www.ey.com--newline--booth	Events DC	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Ex Lapide	"Ex Lapide is a free Virginia Tech alumni society for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, questioning alumni and their allies."	http://www.diversity.vt.edu/alumni/el/index.html--newline--booth	Eye Doctors of Washington	"Time to stop hiding behind your glasses and get LASIK eye surgery!  Eye Doctors of Washington will be raffling off a FREE LASIK procedure at this year's event.   Our surgeons have performed over 50,000 LASIK procedures, and are considered among the most experienced Ophthalmologist in the country, using the most state-of-the-art technology.  Stop by our booth at the Festival to enter to win and say goodbye to fumbling with contact lenses and glasses and LOVE your Life with LASIK! "	http://www.edow.com--newline--booth	Facebook DC	The world's largest social network.	http://www.facebook.com--newline--booth	Fairfax Cryobank	Local Sperm Bank that offers almost 400 Anonymous and Identity Donors. Online Donor Search lets you select a donor based on what is important to you. Upload a photo to find the most resembling donors. No sperm bank does more testing. We offer home shipment (with a doctor's consent) and local pick-up to save shipping costs. We proudly serve the LGBT community. We will work with you to find the ideal donor	http://www.fairfaxcryobank.com--newline--booth	Falls Church News-Press	"Gay-owned, progressive Northern Virginia weekly newspaper"	http://www.fcnp.com--newline--booth	Family & Youth Initiative	"Family & Youth Initiative (DCFYI) creates enriching lifetime relationships for teens at risk of aging out of foster care. We help those teens develop lasting relationships with caring adults. Please join us if you would like to help a teen by becoming a mentor, host parent, or adoptive parent."	http://www.dcfyi.org--newline--booth	Family Equality Council	"Family Equality Council® is the national organization dedicated to the promotion of both lived and legal equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer parents and their families. We foster supportive communities, educate the public, and pursue policy change to advance legal recognition and societal opportunity to thrive for all families, especially those headed by LGBTQ parents."	http://www.familyequality.org--newline--booth	FCKH8	fundraising gear	http://fckh8.com--newline--booth	Federal Bureau of Investigation	"The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is an intelligence-driven and a threat-focused national security organization with both intelligence and law enforcement responsibilities. The mission of the FBI is to protect and defend the United States against terrorist and foreign intelligence threats, to uphold and enforce the criminal laws of the United States, and to provide leadership and criminal justice services to federal, state, municipal, and international agencies and partners. Discover why now, more than ever, there is no other career like an FBI career."	http://www.fbijobs.gov--newline--booth	Federal Triangles Soccer Club	"DC's GLBT (and GLBT-friendly) soccer organization. We have men's, women's and coed teams and our own Summer league. "	http://www.federaltriangles.org--newline--booth	Flaggots Ohio	Flaggots Ohio is an international award winning GLBTQA performance ensemble that entertains crowds at Pride Parades and Festivals across the Mid-West through the art of colorguard.	http://www.flaggotsohio.org--newline--booth	Food & Friends	"The mission of Food & Friends is to foster a community caring for men, women and children living with HIV/AIDS, cancer and other life-challenging illnesses by preparing and delivering specialized meals and groceries in conjunction with nutrition counseling."	http://www.foodandfriends.org--newline--booth	Food Lion	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Foundation Angie	fundacion angie  fue incorporada en 2012con un proposito servirle ala comunidaden general sin distincion de nacionalidad origen o preferencias	placeholder--newline--booth	Freddie's Beach BAr	Gay Bar/ Karaoke	http://www.freddiesbeachbar.com--newline--booth	Friendship Hospital for Animals	"Friendship Hospital for Animals provides high-quality, compassionate veterinary care to the cats and dogs of the Washington DC metro area. We have been accredited by the American Animal Hospital Association (AAHA) for over 50 years.     Whether your companion is a puppy or a kitten, an adult or a senior, Friendship provides wellness care and state-of-the-art specialty services—including oncology, internal medicine, neurology and surgery—all under one roof.    To best meet the needs of our clients and patients, we are open 24 hours a day, every day, all year long."	http://www.friendshiphospital.com--newline--booth	Gay and Lesbian Activists Alliance 	GLAA lobbies/educates the Mayor and D.C. Council on LGBT issues and work in coalitions to pass pro-LGBT legislation. We rate candidates on their LGBT-related records and answers to our questionnaire.	http://glaa.org--newline--booth	"Gay Men's Chorus of Washington, DC"	"The Gay Men's Chorus of Washington, DC delights audiences and champions gay equality with robust artistry, fun and surprise."	http://www.gmcw.org--newline--booth	Gay Men's Health Collaborative 	"The GMHC is a prevention program provides HIV testing, hosts events, workshops, and weekend retreats focused on the social, mental, and sexual health of men who are gay, bi, SGL and transgender in Northern Virginia.  "	http://www.inova.org/gmhc--newline--booth	Gay Spirits	"GaySpirits is a series of workshops designed to help gay men explore their gay and spiritual selves. Over the past 5 years hundreds of men have found meaning in the safe, friendly, spirited space."	http://gayspirits.com--newline--booth	Gentle Giant Moving Company	Gentle Giant is the premier moving and storage provider for Washington D.C.	http://www.gentlegiant.com--newline--booth	George Mason University LGBTQ Resources Office	"GMU LGBTQ Resources  Offers a safe, open, welcoming space for all people interested in understanding LGBTQ issues. We also provide direct services to LGBTQ students; including advising, advocacy, counseling and referral, education and training, group and workshop facilitation, and leadership development at George Mason University. "	https://lgbtq.gmu.edu--newline--booth	George Mason University Police Department	Police Department for George Mason University	http://www.gmu.edu/police--newline--booth	Georgetown Day School	"Georgetown Day School is an independent Pre-k through 12th grade school in Washington, DC. Founded in 1945 as the first racially integrated school in the District, GDS honors the integrity and worth of each individual within a diverse school community. From the earliest grades, GDS encourages their students to wonder, to inquire, and to be self-reliant, laying the foundation for a lifelong love of learning. Their website is www.gds.org."	http://www.gds.org--newline--booth	Gertrude Stein Democratic Club	"The Gertrude Stein Democratic Club is the voice of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) Democrats in the District of Columbia. Established in 1976, Gertrude Stein is one of the oldest Democratic clubs in the District and is a founding chapter of the National Stonewall Democrats. The Gertrude Stein Democratic Club maintains active members in each of the 8 wards of the District of Columbia."	http://www.steindemocrats.org/--newline--booth	GIWC	"GIWC is a place where ALL people can experience God’s love, power and instruction.    We focus on transforming lives, helping God’s people reach their divine destiny and evangelism to help the needs of others."	http://www.giwc.org--newline--booth	GLIFAA LGBT+ Pride in Foreign Affairs Agencies	"GLIFAA represents lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender personnel, their families and their straight allies (LGBT+) in the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), Foreign Commercial Service, Foreign Agricultural Service, Peace Corps and other foreign affairs offices of the U.S. Government.  Officially recognized as a State Department and USAID employee association, GLIFAA advances diversity and workplace equity in U.S. foreign affairs agencies and human rights for LGBT people around the world."	http://glifaa.org/--newline--booth	"GLINT, World Bank GLOBE, and International Organizations in D.C"	"We are the combined LGBT groups and our friends and allies of the Embassies in D.C., the World Bank Group and other international organizations in DC"	http://www.glintdc.com--newline--booth	GLOE 	"GLOE - The Kurlander Program for GLBT Outreach & Engagement – connects GLBT Jews (and our friends!) at the DC Jewish Community Center. GLOE is the only full-time GLBT program at any JCC, anywhere in the world, and is proud to serve as a resource and a model for the Jewish community.     GLOE hosts more than 40 queer Jewish cultural programs each year - across the arts, social justice, the holidays, and social events - with incredible artists, activists, and newsmakers. Whether you're a member of the tribe or just a bagel-chaser, you’re welcome at GLOE.  "	http://dcjcc.org/gloe--newline--booth	Gold Key Resorts	Resort timeshare development company marketing for Virginia Beach and Outer Banks by selling vacation packages and offering vacation information.	http://gkvacations.com--newline--booth	Green Lantern 	LGBT Bar/Nightclub 	placeholder--newline--booth	GW LGBT Alumni Association	"The GW LGBT AA represents the interests of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) GW alumni to the University and to provide advisory support for GW’s LGBT alumni programs.  The GW LGBT AA fosters connections with the LGBT alumni community through events, reunions, networking opportunities and other special activities and supports university initiatives for current LGBT students at GW."	http://alumni.gwu.edu/lgbt-alumni-association--newline--booth	Habitat for Humanity	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	HAHSTA	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Hard Rock Café	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Heart to Hand	"To provide support, education, and resources that promote healthy lifestyles, decrease health disparities and increase access to quality health care. "	http://www.hearttohandinc.org--newline--booth	Helping Hands Affordable Veterinary Surgery and Dental Care	We offer advanced surgery and dental care for pets at affordable prices.  Most surgeries and under $1000 and dentals are around $200.  Our mission is to prevent economic euthanasia of pets.	http://www.affordablepetsurgery.com--newline--booth	Hilton	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Historical Society of Washington DC	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Homeward Trails Animal Rescue	"Homeward Trails Animal Rescue is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization that provides pet adoption in Virginia, Washington, DC and Maryland. We find homes for dogs and cats rescued from high-kill animal shelters or whose owners could no longer care for them or were found as strays.  "	http://www.homewardtrails.org--newline--booth	HOPE-DC	Washington DC's HIV+ Men's Social Group.	http://www.hopedc.org--newline--booth	Hot 99.5	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Human Rights Campaign	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Hyatt Hotels-Hypride	Employee Network Group that supports the LGBT community and promotes Hyatt as a diverse employer	http://hyatt.jobs--newline--booth	Hyatt Hotels-Hypride	Employee Network Group that supports the LGBT staff and involved in local community. Promotes Hyatt as a diverse workplace.	http://www.hyatt.com/partner/partnerlandingpage/en/corporate/global/hypride.html--newline--booth	Inova Juniper Program 	"Inova Juniper Program is Northern Virginia's largest provider of HIV/AIDS care. We are proud to offer all aspects of primary medical care and mental health, substance abuse and case management services to HIV positive individuals along with a history of delivering compassionate HIV/AIDS clinical and education services.    Our convenient services are available at locations around Northern Virginia. We provide compassionate, dignified care to individuals regardless of their sex, race, background, sexual orientation, religious preference, financial status or insurance coverage. At any given time, Inova Juniper provides services to about 700 active clients."	http://www.inova.org/healthcare-services/hiv/index.jsp--newline--booth	Inspired Teaching School	"At the Inspired Teaching Demonstration Public Charter School, a professional learning community of master teachers and teacher residents ensures that a diverse group of students achieve their potential as accomplished learners, thoughtful citizens, and imaginative and inquisitive problem solvers through a demanding, inquiry-based curriculum. The standards-based curriculum and student goals are centered\u2028 on the 4 I’s: Intellect, Inquiry, Imagination, and Integrity."	http://www.inspiredteachingschool.org/--newline--booth	Iona Senior Services	"Iona supports people as they experience the challenges and opportunities of aging. We envision a community that celebrates, values, respects, and protects the contributions and possibilities of every individual. Located in NW DC, we serve the metro Washington area. Our Helpline (202-895-9448) is available to answer questions related to aging services and how to help yourself, family, and friends cope with aging. Many volunteer opportunities are available."	http://www.iona.org--newline--booth	jose contreras	latin gay nigth in NOVA crazy tuesdays	placeholder--newline--booth	Kaiser Permanente	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	KhushDC	"KhushDC is a social, support and political group that provides a safe and supportive environment, promotes awareness and acceptance, and fosters positive cultural and sexual identity for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning (LGBTQ) and additional gender or sexual minority South Asians in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.    We represent a broad array of nationalities including those of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Iran, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and the diaspora."	https://www.khushdc.org--newline--booth	Kimpton Hotels	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	kofi Nartey	is a tour operator in Ghana	http://www.homelandtours.be--newline--booth	La Clinica del Pueblo/¡Empodérate! Youth Center	"La Clínica del Pueblo’s HIV youth initiative, ¡Empodérate! (Empower Yourself!) is the only bilingual, HIV Prevention & Linkage-to-Care Program that targets young Latino gay men and transgender women between the ages of 18 and 29 and their partners in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The ¡Empodérate! Youth Center is located in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood, two blocks from the Columbia Heights Metro Station in NW DC.  ¡Empodérate! builds on La Clínica’s 30 year history of fighting the HIV epidemic in the Latino community through programs and services that create a safe and supportive space in which to strengthen individuals and community."	http://www.lcdp.org--newline--booth	Lambda Legal	"ounded in 1973, Lambda Legal is the oldest and largest national legal organization whose mission is to achieve full recognition of the civil rights of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, transgender people and people living with HIV through impact litigation, education and public policy work."	http://www.lambdalegal.org/--newline--booth	Lambda Pride: University of Maryland Alumni	"Lambda Pride is the University of Maryland, College Park's official Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, Intersex and Ally (LGBTQIA) network. Our membership is open to all alumni and friends—including current students, faculty, staff, and families of students. Founded in 1998, Lambda Pride exists to connect alumni to one another, and to support learning and success of LGBTQIA students at the University of Maryland, College Park. "	http://alumni.umd.edu/s/1132/index.aspx?sid=1132&gid=1&pgid=890--newline--booth	Lambda Sci-Fi	"A social community group for GLBTQ people and allies interested in science fiction, fantasy, and horror - books, movies, TV, gaming, comics and more!"	http://www.lambdascifi.org--newline--booth	Latino GLBT History Project	"The Latino GLBT History Project is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit volunteer-led organization founded in 2000 to investigate, collect, preserve and educate the public about the history, culture, heritage, arts, social and rich contributions of the Latino GLBT community in metropolitan Washington, D.C. To accomplish our mission, the LHP creates educational exhibits from our historical archives collection showcased at cultural events such as, a Women’s History Month Reception, a Hispanic LGBTQ Heritage Reception, and DC Latino Pride, educational presentations at local and national conferences and through our online virtual museum at www.LatinoGLBTHistory.org. We are celebrating our 15 year anniversary in 2015!"	http://www.LatinoGLBTHistory.org.--newline--booth	LGBT Democrats of Virginia	"The LGBT Democrats of Virginia present issues and act as an advocate for LGBT persons within the Democratic Party of Virginia.  We help elect Democratic candidates and generally encourage the participation of LGBT persons in the party.  We also encourage, educate, and finance LGBT persons who aspire to public office, while raising awareness of LGBT issues in the Commonwealth.    Membership is open to gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered persons, along with LGBT allies, who are registered to vote in the Commonwealth of Virginia and believe in the principles of the Democratic Party."	http://www.lgbtvadem.org--newline--booth	LGBT Libertarians of the DC metro area	Libertarians of the Washington metropolitan area	placeholder--newline--booth	"LGBT Mormons, Families and Friends "	"LGBT Mormons, Families and Friends includes diverse individuals and groups who are creating an affirming space within Mormonism and standing up for equal rights. "	http://www.affirmation.org--newline--booth	Liberation - D.C.	Liberation - D.C. develops educational programing related to social justice issues.	placeholder--newline--booth	Library of Congress GLOBE/Senate GLASS/LGBT CSA	Library of Congress GLOBE with colleagues from the Senate GLASS Caucus and the LGBT Congressional Staff Association	http://loc.gov/lgbt--newline--booth	Little River UCC	"Little River United Church of Christ is an inclusive, progressive theological community rooted in the mainline Protestant tradition. We are an Open and Affirming congregation that actively seeks to be multiracial and multicultural. With a membership of over five hundred and a wide range of programs, our church strives to enable each person to be known and to make a difference to the extent he or she feels called. "	http://www.lrucc.org--newline--booth	Live! Casino	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	LivingSocial 	"LivingSocial is the local marketplace to buy and share the best things to do in your city and beyond. With unique and diverse offerings each day, we inspire members to discover everything from weekend excursions and one-of-a-kind experiences to exclusive gourmet dinners and seasonal family outings outings -- and much more."	http://www.livingsocial.com--newline--booth	LivingSocial 	"LivingSocial is the local marketplace to buy and share the best things to do in your city and beyond. With unique and diverse offerings each day, we inspire members to discover everything from weekend excursions and one-of-a-kind events to exclusive gourmet dinners and seasonal family outings outings -- and much, much more. "	http://www.livingsocial.com--newline--booth	LivingSocial 	"LivingSocial is the local marketplace to buy and share the best things to do in your city and beyond. With unique and diverse offerings each day, we inspire members to discover everything from weekend excursions and one-of-a-kind events to exclusive gourmet dinners and seasonal family outings outings -- and much, much more."	http://www.livingsocial.com--newline--booth	Lockheed Martin PRIDE	"PRIDE is an employee resource group serving Lockheed Martin’s lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT)  employees, employee family and friends of LGBT people, and straight allies for professional growth. PRIDE is also a  business resource empowering Lockheed Martin to apply Diversity and Inclusion to solve business challenges."	placeholder--newline--booth	Lockheed Martin PRIDE	"Diversity at Lockheed Martin is an inclusive team that values and leverages each person’s individuality. It’s about living our values of doing what’s right, respecting others and performing with excellence. We recognize that our success depends on the talent, skills and expertise of our people and our ability to function as an integrated team. PRIDE is an employee resource group serving Lockheed Martin’s lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) employees, employee family and friends of LGBT people, and straight allies for professional growth. PRIDE is also a resource empowering Lockheed Martin to apply Diversity and Inclusion to solve business challenges."	http://www.lockheedmartin.com--newline--booth	Log Cabin Republicans of DC	"Local, non-profit, organization advocating for LGBT equality and conservative principles of limited government, strong national defense, free markets, low taxes, personal responsibility, and individual liberties."	https://dclogcabin.wordpress.com/--newline--booth	Logan Circle Community Association	"LCCA is one of the most effective and successful community associations in the District of Columbia. Established in 1972, it has achieved a remarkable record of steadily improving the environment and the quality of life in the Logan Circle area.    LCCA works to promote the civic and social interests of residents by enhancing the quality of life and promoting economic development; working to enhance public safety through collaboration the the MPD: preserving the historic, architectural and aesthetic value of property; presenting the views of its membership to government and other organizations; and participating in charitable and educational activities.  "	http://www.LoganCIrcle.org--newline--booth	LPAC - the nation's first and only Lesbian PAC	"LPAC builds lesbian political power by electing candidates who champion LGBTQ rights, women’s equality and social justice. LPAC, a Super PAC for LGBTQ women and their allies, envisions a society in which gender and LGBTQ equality, as well as social, racial and economic justice are realities for all. LPAC achieves its mission by increasing the political power and engagement of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) women and their allies, and building a network of lesbian and queer women who take political action. "	http://www.TeamLPAC.com--newline--booth	M&T Bank	"M&T Bank is a reliable bank that’s strong and stable, a local bank that’s committed to the communities we serve, an accessible bank that’s close and convenient, and a responsive bank that cares about what’s important to you, your family and your business.  "	placeholder--newline--booth	"Machar, The Washington Congregation for Secular Humanistic Judaism"	"Machar is a welcoming and diverse community founded on Humanistic ideals and dedicated to enhancing Jewish cultural identity. Our congregation believes that Judaism encompasses far more than an ancient religion. It is a complete and vibrant culture with a rich history, an evolving ethical outlook, languages, music, literature, and folk traditions. We see the Jewish people as an international family with a diverse and continually changing culture. We see reason rather than faith as a guide to understanding, and human will and intelligence as the forces that guide human destiny."	http://www.machar.org--newline--booth	Mayor's Office on LGBTQ Affairs	"The Mayor’s Office of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer (LGBTQ) Affairs is a permanent, cabinet-level office within the Office of Community Affairs in the Executive Office of the Mayor, established by statute in 2006 to address the important concerns of the District's gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender residents."	http://glbt.dc.gov--newline--booth	"MBI Health Services, LLC."	"MBI Health Services, LLC. is a behavioral health agency serving the D.C. Metropolitan Area since 2009. We take pride in our constant heartwarming devotion towards our clients, and any whom are interested in the services we offer. Our services include, but are not limited to: Intake, Diagnostic Assessments, Medication / Somatic Services, Individual and Group Therapy, Rehabilitation Services, Vocational Services, Supported Employment, Disability Services, Children's Therapy,  Respite Services, Home Health Aides, Patient Escort Services, and more.    Let MBI Health Services be the reason why you feel self-confident and empowered once again. There's nothing like feeling good about yourself."	http://www.mbihs.com--newline--booth	Melrose Georgetown Hotel	The Melrose Georgetown on Pennsylvania Avenue	http://www.melrosehoteldc.com--newline--booth	Mer+ge Apparel	"OUR MISSION  Our goal at Mer+ge is simple... we provide clothing that stands for something. Our original designs and graphics promote self-expression and unity, as we strive to eliminate arbitrary separations among social groups."	http://www.makethemerge.com--newline--booth	Metro DC PFLAG	"Metro DC PFLAG promotes equality and the wellbeing of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender persons, their families and friends through support to cope with an adverse society, education to enlighten an ill-informed public, and advocacy to end discrimination and secure equal civil rights. Keeping families together is our mission.   "	http://www.pflagdc.org--newline--booth	Metro Weekly	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Metro/WMATA	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	MetroHealth	"MetroHealth is committed to providing healthcare focused on improving outcomes for our patients, as well as to building a healthy community.     MetroHealth provides multidisciplinary and integrated medical healthcare that embodies all aspects of a person’s physical, mental, and emotional well-being."	http://www.metrohealthdc.org/--newline--booth	MetroPCS	"MetroPCS now offers you everything you want for $40, period.  Data, talk & text.  Nationwide 4GLTE.  All with no annual contract."	http://www.metropcs.com--newline--booth	Mid-Atlantic Waterproofing	Basement Waterproofing & Foundation Repair	http://www.basements.com--newline--booth	Military Partners and Families Coalition	"Military Partners and Families Coalition (MPFC) is the only organization founded by the partners of actively-serving military personnel. Our mission is to provide support, education, resources, and advocacy for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and similarly-identified (LGBT) military families. We represent and serve all aspects of the military family from parents to partners/spouses to children, as well as all branches and components of the United States Armed Forces from active duty to the National Guard and Reserves to Veterans."	http://www.milpfc.org--newline--booth	Mimi Evans	"What is the absolute best way to ensure that your event is AMAZING? Customize it! All events should be a direct reflection of the host(s) ideas and vision! Mixin' Mimi Mixology can help bring your vision to life! We provide unique mobile bartending services and event staffing for any event type! No event is too BIG or too small for us to accommodate!  We pride ourselves on ""serving the ART you can taste""!"	http://www.MixinMimi.com--newline--booth	More Light Presbyterians	Presbyterians committed to a fully inclusive church and society have participated in Pride for more than 20 years. 	http://www.opendoorsmlp.org--newline--booth	Morgan Stanley	"Morgan Stanley - Wealth Management  You have meaningful goals. Our Financial Advisors can help you reach them. For nearly 80 years, we have worked with individuals, families, businesses and institutions—to deliver services and solutions that help build, preserve and manage wealth. We understand our clients’ aspirations, and we’re as devoted to their goals as they are.  "	http://www.morganstanley.com--newline--booth	MPDC GLLU	DC POLICE GLLU	http://WWW.MPDC.DC.GOV--newline--booth	N2N Bodywear	"men's line of swimwear, underwear, sportswear, loungewear, eroticwear"	http://www.n2nbodywear.com--newline--booth	NARAL Pro-Choice America	"We are made up of pro-choice women and men across the United States. Together, we're protecting and expanding reproductive freedom.    We lobby Congress to convince your elected representatives to support your right to choose.    We organize women and men to make sure that lawmakers hear from the pro-choice people they represent.    We connect what happens in Congress or in the states to how it affects your ability to make private decisions, like choosing legal abortion.    NARAL Pro-Choice America uses the political process to elect lawmakers who share our pro-choice values and defeat candidates who don't. "	http://www.prochoiceamerica.org/--newline--booth	National Center for Children and Families	"NCCF is a private, nonprofit child and family welfare agency with a commitment to serving poor,disadvantaged, abused, neglected and/or abandoned children, youth, and their families. Current program services include emergency shelters and transitional housing for homeless families, a high-intensity therapeutic group home, therapeutic and traditional foster care and adoption, independent living for youth transitioning to adulthood, teen parent services, and community-based prevention services that promote academic achievement, parental involvement, economic and vocational stability, and healthy families. Our programs have become social service models, redefining both NCCF’s reputation and the agency’s position in the human service continuum in our region."	http://www.nccf-cares.org/--newline--booth	National City Christian Church	"National City seeks to help everyone toward a fuller commitment to Christ by being an inclusive church family which fully embraces in its life and ministries people of every race, gender, sexual orientation, age, economic circumstances, family configuration, physical or mental condition, and all other distinctions which are the rich tapestry of God's Creation."	http://www.nationalcitycc.org--newline--booth	National Conservatory of Dramatic Arts	"DC's only accredited, post-secondary school training actors for careers in the performing arts since 1975. Non profit school."	http://www.theconservatory.org--newline--booth	National Gay Pilots Association	"The National Gay Pilots Association (NGPA) is an international organization of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender pilots and other aviation enthusiasts from around the world.  Through education, outreach programs, and social events, we promote our primary organizational goals:  - To encourage members of the GLBT community to begin piloting careers  - To foster equal treatment of GLBT aviators through advocacy and outreach  - To promote aviation safety  - To provide an affirming social and professional network for GLBT aviators"	http://www.ngpa.org--newline--booth	National Organization of Gay and Lesbian Scientists and Technical Professionals Chesapeake Region	"NOGLSTP is a national organization of gay, lesbian and transgender people (and their advocates) employed or interested in scientific or high technology fields. NOGLSTP's goals include educating the scientific and general communities about LGBT issues in science and the technical workplace; educating the queer community about relevant topics in science; dialogue with professional societies and associations; improving our members employment and professional environment; opposing queer phobia and stereotypes by providing role models of successful LGBT scientific and technical professionals; and fostering networking and mentoring among our members. "	http://noglstp.net/chesapeake/--newline--booth	Nationwide Insurance 	Insurance and financial services 	placeholder--newline--booth	Neon Nation LLC	"Neon Nation LLC is a Washington DC based apparel company that specifically sells neon colored products. While we still offer a variety of ""normie"" colored items, we strive to have the majority of our catalog be blindingly neon! "	http://www.aNeonNation.com--newline--booth	New York Life	Life Insurance and employee benefits company	http://www.newyorklife.com--newline--booth	Newseum Residences	"Live among landmarks. On historic Pennsylvania Avenue, halfway between the U.S. Capitol and the White House, is a select group of superlative urban living spaces: the Newseum Residences. Offering exquisite views, unsurpassed luxury and a prime location across ""America's Main Street"" from the National Mall, the Newseum Residences combines modern sophistication and cutting-edge technology with upscale comfort and convenience."	www.newseumresidences.com--newline--booth	Nice Jewish Girls	"Nice Jewish Girls is a positive, dynamic, supportive group of Queer women 21 + in DC . To find out more about us or our 24 gatherings a year, use one of the links below."	http://aNiceJewishGirl.org--newline--booth	NOVA Pride	"Educate. Advocate. Celebrate.  NOVA Pride, which holds an annual Northern Virginia Pride Festival in October (2015 PrideFest: 10/3/2015), as well as other activities throughout the year, is a 501c3 charitable organization serving the LGBTQ Community of Northern Virginia.  #703pride"	http://www.novapride.org--newline--booth	"NovaSalud, Inc"	"Novasalud, Inc provides free confidential rapid HIV testing, counseling, referral services, and prevention education in the Northern Virginia area"	http://www.novasaludinc.org--newline--booth	"NovaSalud,Inc"	"NovaSalud, Inc. Provide free and confidential rapid HIV testing, counseling, referral services, and prevention education in the Northern Virginia Area"	http://www.novasaludinc.org--newline--booth	Office of Councilmember Kenyan R. McDuffie	"Kenyan R. McDuffie, Councilmember for Ward 5, was first elected to the Council of the District of Columbia in a 2012 special election.  In November, Ward 5 voters overwhelmingly re-elected him to a full four-year term."	http://www.kenyanmcduffie.com--newline--booth	Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI)	"The Director of National Intelligence (DNI) serves as the head of the Intelligence Community (IC), overseeing and directing the implementation of the National Intelligence Program (budget) and acting as the principal advisor to the President, the National Security Council, and the Homeland Security Council for intelligence matters related to the national security. Working together with the Principal Deputy DNI (PDDNI), the Office of the DNI's goal is to effectively integrate foreign, military and domestic intelligence in defense of the homeland and of United States interests abroad.  "	placeholder--newline--booth	Olde Towne Pet Resort	"Olde Towne Pet Resort offers twenty-four hours a day, every day, we are committed to the care and love of your pets.    At Olde Towne Pet Resort, we spare no detail in ensuring the utmost in your pet's comfort, safety, and joy. Our loving and trained staff are committed to our guests' needs.   "	http://www.oldetownepetresort.com--newline--booth	One Love Massive	"A DC production company, booking agency and marketing firm supporting unconditional love and understanding. "	http://www.onelovemassive.com--newline--booth	One Medical Group	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	one on one yoga class n candles oils crystals and more	I teach one on one yoga classes and how to release negative engery from one body and mibd bring peace in one life for a positive life style i also sell candles oils bath salts and all natural organic items to heal n clam the body mind and soul etc 	http://healingtouchyaga.com--newline--booth	Open Doors More Light Presbyterians	"Open Doors/MLP is the National Capital Presbytery (NCP) chapter of More Light Presbyterians.  The mission of More Light Presbyterians is to work for the full participation of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) people in the life, ministry and witness of the Presbyterian Church (USA) and in society."	http://www.opendoorsmlp.org/--newline--booth	Ottawa Public Library	"The Ottawa Public Library (OPL) is the largest bilingual (English/French) public library system in North America. The OPL extends public access to information and services through the library’s 34 branches, physical and virtual at www.BiblioOttawaLibrary.ca, as well as two mobile libraries and a vending machine-style lending library service. Serving close to one million Ottawa residents, OPL’s mission is to inspire learning, spark curiosity, and connect people. Follow us on Twitter www.Twitter.com/OPL_BPO and like us on Facebook www.Facebook.com/BiblioOttawaLibrary. Contact us at 613-580-2940 or InfoService@BiblioOttawaLibrary.ca. If it’s out there, it’s in here!"	http://www.BiblioOttawaLibrary.ca--newline--booth	OUT Riders Women's Motorcycle Club	A women's motorcycle group for members of the LGBTQA who love to ride around the Metro area.  	http://outriderswmc.com--newline--booth	Paiges Promotions (for Wyndham)	"Promotion for Wyndham at National Harbor. Lots of prizes, giveaways and Mardigras Beads...Fun stuff  sign up for Free!"	placeholder--newline--booth	PAL- People Animals Love	"PAL's mission is to change the lives of the sick, elderly and underserved children of Washington DC through the use of the human animal bond"	http://www.peopleanimalslove.org--newline--booth	People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA)	"PETA focuses on the four areas in which the largest number of animals suffer the most intensely for the longest periods of time: on factory farms, in the clothing trade, in laboratories, and in the entertainment industry."	http://PETA.org--newline--booth	Phase 1 on Capital Hill	"Celebrating it's 45 Anniversary, the Phase 1 on Capital Hill is the oldest and longest running singulerly owned and operated Lesbian bar in the United States.  Started in 1970 by Allen Carroll & Chris Jansen.  The Ladies on the hill are open Thurs-Saturday.  Doors open @ 8:30pm"	http://www.phase1capitolhill.com/--newline--booth	Planned Parenthood Action Fund	"Planned Parenthood Action Fund is a national not-for-profit organization with its main offices in New York City and Washington, DC. The Action Fund is the nonpartisan advocacy and political arm of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. The Action Fund engages in educational and electoral activity, including legislative advocacy, voter education, and grassroots organizing to promote the Planned Parenthood mission. "	http://www.plannedparenthoodaction.org/--newline--booth	PNC Bank	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Pole Pressure	"Pole Pressure is a premier pole fitness studio with 12 locations in Washington, DC, Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina. Our studios cater to women and men of all shapes, sizes, and ages. You're never to old, out of of shape, or overweight to start your pole journey. "	http://www.polepressure.com--newline--booth	Power Home Remodeling Group	"Power Home Remodeling Group is the nation's 3rd largest exterior home remodeler and among the largest ""green"" renovation companies in the country with a focus on energy efficient home retrofits ranging from replacement windows and roofing to entry doors, insulated siding, and home insulation.  Discover how our blueprint for success is you. Contact us today."	http://www.powerhrg.com--newline--booth	Prime Timers of DC	Prime Timers of DC is a social organization for older gay and bisexual men and their admirers. It serves as a catalyst for bringing together men with like interest for social and recreational activities. We currently have over 100 members ranging in age from their 40s to their 80s. Membership dues are $30.00 per year. Members receive a monthly Prime Timers News to keep them informed of club activities.	http://www.primetimersdc.org--newline--booth	Prince George's County CERT	"The Prince George’s County Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) is one of the fastest growing CERT programs in the National Capital Region, which safeguards communities with its volunteers, to protect life and property ensuring ""the greatest good, for the greatest number."" Volunteer teams from across the county who are trained in basic safety and emergency preparedness can provide basic care, stabilization and information within their communities in the event of a major incident, until emergency responders arrive on scene. During non-emergency situations, the PG CERT program focuses on community education and public awareness to increase the preparedness of county residents."	placeholder--newline--booth	Punch	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Punch Digital Strategies	"Punch Digital Strategies is a creative agency for bold brands. We provide marketing strategy that helps clients brand for growth and engage with customers online. We design websites that inspire action, and help clients generate leads through content marketing and social media. With services tailored to meet the needs of start-ups, B2C, B2B and non-profit organizations, we make bold brands stand out online.    As a partner to Capital Pride Alliance, we designed then new CapitalPride.org website. How can we make your bold brand stand out? Learn more at AddSomePunch.com."	http://AddSomePunch.com--newline--booth	Quakers for Equality	A gathering of local Quaker meetings and organizations in the D.C. area. Our faith embraces inclusion and equality.	placeholder--newline--booth	Queer Asians United	LGBT Asians and Pacific Islanders in DC	http://aquadc.us--newline--booth	Queerassic Park	We love #DC and we love the #DCDino! Dedicated pals of DC's only cardboard theropodian agent of love. We're celebrating DC Pride in our finest paleontology-inspired gear.	placeholder--newline--booth	Rachel Pearl	"JOMDC is a non-profit dance education organization with 3 locations, 300 classes per week for adult & youth, 50 concerts & events per year, 20 community outreach sites and one mission - dance is for everyone®!"	http://www.joyofmotion.org--newline--booth	Rainbow Response Coalition	"Rainbow Response is a grassroots coalition based in Washington, DC that brings together organizations and leaders from the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Questioning (LGBTQ) communities, along with traditional domestic violence service providers and government agencies, to increase the awareness about Intimate Partner Violence (IPV) amid the relationships of LGBTQ individuals. The Coalition works to promote education within the LGBTQ communities and beyond and identifies existing services that are provided in a manner respectful of the unique identities of LGBTQ survivors of IPV, as well as batterers."	http://www.rainbowresponse.org--newline--booth	Ravensworth Baptist Church	"Ravensworth Baptist Church is an inclusive and welcoming Christian community where expressing the love of God to all people is central to our worship, study, and service.  We are proud to be a part of the Association of Welcoming and Affirming Baptists."	http://www.ravensworthbaptist.org/--newline--booth	ReconcilingWorks	"More Lutheran congregations in DC, Maryland and Virginia are becoming Reconciling in Christ, encouraging LGBTQ individuals and families of all ages to worship.  We continue serving our neighbors who are hungry, homeless, underemployed, endangered, abused or marginalized in the community.  Living the Gospel is our guide.  Helping others heal and grow is sharing the good news.  The children of God are our family."	http://www.reconcilingworks.org/--newline--booth	Redfin	"Redfin is a national real estate brokerage with a mission to make buying and selling homes better for consumers. We help clients throughout the DC metro area and around the country. The experienced, full-service real estate agents who work at Redfin are advocates, not salespeople, and they earn customer-satisfaction bonuses, not commissions. Redfin agents and engineers work together to create and improve technology to make the entire process of buying or selling a home easier and more fun, from finding homes to tour or deciding on a price to signing a deal. "	http://www.redfin.com--newline--booth	Renewal by Andersen	The custom window and door replacement division of Andersen Windows.	http://www.RenewalbyAndersen.com--newline--booth	Rock Spring Congregational UCC	Rock Spring is proudly Open and Affirming and welcomes all people into the full life and community of the church. We are proud to support equal rights for LGBTQ people in northern Virginia and throughout the Capitol region!	http://www.rockspringucc.org--newline--booth	Rockville United Church	Union United Church of Christ and Presbyterian (PCUSA) Church	http://www.rockvilleunitedchurch.org--newline--booth	RUSA LGBT DC	"RUSA LGBT is a network for Russian-speaking LGBTQ individuals, their friends, supporters and loved ones. RUSA LGBT has welcomed many LGBT asylum seekers from Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus who fled the abuse and mistreatment in their homelands.  RUSA LGBT regularly organizes cultural and social events to unite Russian-speaking LGBTQ community in America and to increase acceptance and inclusion of LGBTQ people within the Russian-speaking public.  RUSA LGBT advocates for social justice, human and civil rights for LGBTQ people in America and in the Former Soviet Union."	http://rusalgbt.com/--newline--booth	safda	dfa	placeholder--newline--booth	SAGE Metro DC	"SAGE Metro DC is an intergenerational, volunteer-driven organization providing support to LIGHT elders as well as their caregivers and family.  Through our programs, we provide an active social network to combat isolation and invisibility while advocating for progressive policies and educating our community.  Nothing about us without us! "	placeholder--newline--booth	SAGE Metro DC	"SAGE Metro DC is an inter-generational,  volunteer driven organization serving LGBT elders and their caregivers and family. Through our programs we build an active social network to combat isolation and invisibility, advocate for progressive policies and educate the community. Nothing about us without us! "	https://www.facebook.com/SAGEMetroDC--newline--booth	Sally Kim	"As the preeminent international service organization of the United States, the Peace Corps sends Americans abroad to tackle the most pressing needs of people around the world. Peace Corps Volunteers work at the grassroots level toward sustainable change that lives on long after their service—at the same time becoming global citizens and serving their country. When they return home, Volunteers bring their knowledge and experiences—and a global outlook—that enriches the lives of those around them."	http://www.peacecorps.gov--newline--booth	Sapient PRIDE	"Sapient PRIDE is an employee resource group at Sapient, a global consulting firm leading public sector organizations through business and digital transformation. Sapient strives to effect positive social change through strategy, creativity, and technology. Our full teams of expertise, including in-house developers, create a compelling vision and strategy powered by cutting-edge technical solutions. Sapient is highly collaborative and works to give motivated individuals the environment and support they need and empower them to get the job done. This means encouraging people to bring their ""whole selves"" to work. Sapient PRIDE offers support, resources, and a safe community to LGBT employees. "	http://www.sapientgov.com--newline--booth	Scandal DC	Scandal DC is DC's Hottest New Women's monthly party.	https://www.facebook.com/scandaldcparty--newline--booth	"Scouts For Equality - Washington, DC Chapter"	"Scouts for Equality is an organization composed largely of Boy Scouts of America alumni dedicated to ending the BSA’s ban on gay adult members and leaders. As Scouts, we believe discrimination goes against the values our movement teaches us and has no place in Scouting’s future. The Washington DC Chapter of Scouts for Equality invites community members in the National Capital area to assist us in our mission to end discrimination within the Boy Scouts of America."	http://www.scoutsforequality.org--newline--booth	sdsdfsd	asdfasdfsdfd	placeholder--newline--booth	Seabury Resources for Aging	Seabury provides resources and housing options to older adults in all income levels in the Greater Washington DC area	http://www.seaburyresources.org--newline--booth	Seaplane Shirts	"Small producer, tiny batch production, made-in-USA fun shirts for men, women and kids. Selling direct to consumer online and making new friends at fun events like this one."	http://seaplaneshirts.com--newline--booth	Secular Coalition for America	The Secular Coalition for America is a 501(c)(4) nonprofit advocacy organization whose purpose is to amplify the diverse and growing voice of the nontheistic community in the United States. The Secular Coalition represents more than 200 organizations nation-wide and advocates at the federal level to protect and strengthen the secular character of the government. 	http://www.secular.org--newline--booth	Seventh-day Adventist Kinship International	"Seventh-day Adventist Kinship International provides community and advocacy for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex, queer, asexual and LGBTIQA-supportive individuals with an Adventist connection.  "	http://www.sdakinship.org--newline--booth	Shakespeare Theatre Company	"Over the past quarter of a century, the Shakespeare Theatre Company has dedicated itself to becoming the nation's premier classic theatre. By focusing on works with profound themes, complex characters and heightened language written by Shakespeare, his contemporaries and those playwrights he influenced, STC’s artistic mission is unique among regional theatres: to bring to vibrant life groundbreaking, thought-provoking and eminently accessible classic theatre in a uniquely American style."	http://www.shakespearetheatre.org/--newline--booth	She Peppers	"She Peppers is a small, woman owned local company started by two organic practicing backyard gardeners who have transformed the peppers, cucumbers, herbs, etc. they grow into delicious artisan bbq sauces, pepper sauces, hot sauces, pickles, dips, rubs and more. Seventy percent of the ingredients used in each product are grown by She Peppers. On the occasion when this does not happen, the ingredients are sourced locally."	http://www.shepeppers.com--newline--booth	Sierra Club 	"grassroots environmental organization focusing on exploring, enjoying and protecting the environment.  The DC Chapter provides a wide range of volunteer opportunities and ways to become engaged and informed."	http://dc.sierraclub.org--newline--booth	Signature Theatre	"Signature Theatre is a Tony Award®-winning, non-profit professional theater company with a mission to produce contemporary musicals and plays, reinvent classic musicals, develop new work, and reach its community through engaging educational and outreach opportunities."	http://www.sigtheatre.org--newline--booth	Sixth & I	"Since 2004, Sixth & I, through its openness and pluralistic approach, has redefined the 21st-century synagogue and community space with impactful, entertaining, and thought-provoking programs spanning Jewish and cultural traditions.    At Sixth & I, what it means to be Jewish is up to you. With a multi-denominational and non-membership approach, identity and community intersect on your terms for a uniquely Jewish experience. Sixth & I’s 6th in the City program series offers a space for Jews in their 20s and 30s to connect—to Judaism, arts and culture, spirituality, and to each other."	http://www.sixthandi.org--newline--booth	Ski Bums	Ski Bums is the world's largest club for LGBT skiers and snowboarders. Our DC chapter hosts social events and group trips to all the world's best ski resorts for skiers and snowboarders of all skill levels. Membership is free. 	http://www.ski-bums.org--newline--booth	Smithsonian Institution GLOBE	Smithsonian Institution LGBT Federal Employees and the Allies	placeholder--newline--booth	SMYAL	"SMYAL supports and empowers lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning (LGBTQ) youth in the Washington, DC metropolitan region. Through youth leadership, SMYAL creates opportunities for LGBTQ youth to build self-confidence, develop critical life skills, and engage their peers and community through service and advocacy. Committed to social change, SMYAL builds, sustains, and advocates for programs, policies, and services that LGBTQ youth need as they grow into adulthood."	http://smyal.org--newline--booth	SoulCycle	"SoulCycle is indoor cycling re-invented. Forty-five minutes is all it takes to transform the way you look and feel. Get ready for fat-burning cardio, a full-body workout (we use hand weights!), and choreography to work your core."	http://www.soul-cycle.com--newline--booth	sPACYcLOUd	"DC based urban wear and action sports brand, sPACYcLOUd is the manifestation of a revolutionary spirit always pushing people to be liberated from social constraints through expressions of love, peace and creativity. The creator of sPACYcLOUd, Tatiana Kolina, believes in the spirit of those that choose their own way in life.  The visual aesthetic comes from the world of break dancers, hip hop artists,  street artists, skaters, and motorcycle riders who like to be very expressive with their wardrobe. "	http://www.spacycloud.com--newline--booth	Sportrock Climbing Centers	"Our mission is simple. We aim to provide the premier rock climbing experience. Whatever you seek within the rock climbing world we are committed to providing you with the very best customer service, routes, instruction and community. f you want to try climbing but don't know the difference between a carabiner and a kettlebell, our classes and programs are a great place to start. As your climbing and fitness goals expand, we offer technique and training programs for every step along the way. Even if you want to just check it out for a day, we've got that covered too."	http://www.sportrock.com--newline--booth	St. George's Episcopal Church of Arlington	"Saint George's is a vibrant, inclusive, multi-faceted faith community. We welcome everyone- no exceptions- because we believe that inclusion is a Gospel value."	http://saintgeorgeschurch.org--newline--booth	St. John's Episcopal Church of Chevy Chase	"Our members represent a variety of racial and ethnic backgrounds, nationalities, political affiliations, family configurations, sexual orientations, abilities, and religious traditions. Indeed, chances are that there’s someone like you at St. John’s. We hope you have a chance to visit our church family."	http://stjohnsnorwood.org/--newline--booth	St. Margaret's Episcopal Church	St. Margaret's Church. located on Connecticut Ave. north of Dupont Circle is a welcoming inclusive community dedicated to social justice and outreach to those in any kind of need. 	http://www.stmargaretsdc.org--newline--booth	State Farm Insurance	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Stonewall@NARA / Library of Congress GLOBE	LGBTQ Employee Affinity Groups of National Archives and Library of Congress	placeholder--newline--booth	Studio Theatre	"Studio Theatre is Washington’s premier venue for contemporary theatre, “where local audiences will find today’s edgiest playwrights” (Variety). Studio produces the work of today’s greatest writers, augmented by occasional productions of modern classics. Studio's work is marked by its emphasis on excellence in acting and design, and the signature intimacy of its four theatres, all of which seat fewer than 225 patrons. The quality of this work has been recognized over its 36-year history by sustained community support and 60 Helen Hayes Awards for excellence in professional theatre."	http://www.studiotheatre.org--newline--booth	Studio V Private Musical Education	"Studio V, a musical education school in the District of Columbia, has been cited as one of the top musical studios in DC-metro by sources such as Washingtonian Magazine and the US Commerce Association.  Students, have included lauded recording artists, music teachers, producers, DJ's, conservatory students, and various enthusiasts of a diverse background. The Studio utilizes the European Classical tradition of building a holistic and supportive musical community of learners.  To this end, the Studio's Salons bring together musicians, artists, and arts professionals from around the region with students, reading through chamber music, giving discussions of  music/instruments, and networking."	http://www.mviator.com--newline--booth	SunTrust	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	SwitchWood	"SwitchWood is versatility at its best offering the first interchangeable wooden bow tie.  For the one who likes to keep things interesting, even when dressing up, SwitchWood is a cut above the rest.    Using sustainably harvested wood each piece is as unique as the wearer. We do not stain or alter the wood in anyway keeping it true to its original beauty. Handcrafted in the USA.    "	http://www.switchwood.com--newline--booth	Tagg Magazine	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Taking Actions	"To empower, inspire and motivate individuals and organizations alike, to take positive actions toward making the world a better place for everyone. Through education, advocacy and activism we promote environmental sustainability, human rights, animal rights, cultural diversity, socioeconomic equality, self-growth, tolerance, acceptance, kindness and world peace."	http://www.taking-actions.com--newline--booth	Team DC	"Team DC is the association of LGBT sports clubs in the greater Washington, DC region."	http://www.teamdc.org--newline--booth	TEKsystems	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	"Temple Emanuel of Kensington, MD -- a Reform Jewish Congregation"	"We are an inclusive Reform Jewish congregation with a long history of support for LGBT causes. Located a mile north of the Beltway at 10101 Connecticut Avenue in Kensington, we have an Early Child Development Center on-site, Religious School Sunday mornings, Friday night Shabbat services, and a wide variety of activities, including a Kulanu Committee supporting diversity in the Temple community. The office phone number is 301-942-2000. "	http://templeemanuelmd.org--newline--booth	Temple Shalom	"A spiritual community where you can find ""warmth and depth and breadth,” a place which, in the words of our Senior Rabbi Michael Feshbach, ""welcomes us as we are, challenges us to grow, and works in and with the world around us."" We are a Reform congregation of almost 450 families, yet our community offers openness to all, where each person can connect, where comfort and caring matter. It is a place of strength and beauty, of spirituality and learning, of creative possibility, a place filled with God's spirit and human kindness. "	http://www.templeshalom.net--newline--booth	Testing Makes Us Stronger	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) developed Testing Makes Us Stronger for black gay and bisexual men with input from black gay and bisexual men across the country. The goal of this national campaign is to promote HIV testing among black gay and bisexual men. Testing Makes Us Stronger aims to demonstrate that knowing one's HIV status is important and empowering information. Testing Makes Us Stronger is part of the Act Against AIDS HIV prevention campaign initiatives.	https://gettested.cdc.gov/stronger/--newline--booth	"The Academy of Washington, Inc"	"Established in 1961, The Academy is one of the oldest organizations of its kind in the country. Its membership includes drag queens, drag kings, male and female impersonators in the Washington, DC metropolitan area who enjoy entertaining and supporting the community. The Academy has members involved with the Rainbow History Project, PETS-DC, SMYAL, The Imperial Court and many other community organizations. Over the years, every person associated with the Academy has had their moments of glory, their share of applause and social recognition. We honor each other for our contributions to theater, make-up, design, and the gay community in general. "	http://www.thewashingtonacademy.com/index.htm--newline--booth	The Barker Adoption Foundation	"Non profit adoption agency providing services all members of the adoption circle including: birth parents, adoptive parents and adopted persons. "	http://www.barkerfoundation.org--newline--booth	The Boeing Company 	"Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. A top U.S. exporter, the company supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training."	http://www.boeing.com--newline--booth	The British Embassy	The British Embassy in Washington DC represents the United Kingdom's interests in the US. 	https://www.gov.uk/--newline--booth	The Change Project	"The Change Project is dedicated to transforming discrimination against marginalized groups into acceptance for all people through the art of photography, social media campaigns, and partnerships with social justice organizations."	http://www.embodyprogress.org--newline--booth	The DC Center for the LGBT Community	"The DC LGBT Center educates, empowers, celebrates, and connects the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender communities.    To fulfill our mission, we focus on four core areas: health and wellness, arts & culture, social & support services, and advocacy and community building."	http://www.thedccenter.org--newline--booth	The District of Columbia Office on Aging	"Who We Are    DCOA is the State and Area Agency on Aging designated by the Mayor of the D. C to plan, develop and implement programs and service for residents age 60 and older.  We fund a senior service network of providers (Office on Aging Senior Service Network) consisting of 20 community-based nonprofit organizations (including 3 universities) that operates 33 programs for senior citizens.     Aging and Disability Resource Centers (ADRC)    ADRC act as community satellites that continually strengthen our link to older Washingtonians.  They provide a wide range of social and health services throughout the 8 wards of the city."	http://www.dcoa.dc.gov--newline--booth	The Embassy Row Hotel	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	The Field School	"The Field School is an independent school in NW Washington, DC. We have approximately 370 students in grades 6-12. "	http://www.fieldschool.org--newline--booth	The Fillmore Silver Spring & the Warner Theatre	"Live music & event venues in Silver Spring, MD and downtown Washington DC."	http://www.fillmoresilverspring.com/--newline--booth	"The Imperial Court of Washington, DC"	"The Imperial Court of Washington, DC is a 501(c)3 non profit public charity that:    Is a member of the International Court System which was founded in 1965, to perform noble deeds in the United States, Mexico, and Canada.     Provides and promotes safe and entertaining social and charitable events for the GLBT community, straight friends and families in the Greater Washington DC area.     Promotes human rights and equality amongst the general public through performances, social get-togethers, educational outreach projects and other worthwhile events. "	http://www.imperialcourtdc.org--newline--booth	"The Imperial Court of Washington, DC"	"The Imperial Court of Washington, DC is a 501(c)3 non profit public charity that:    Is a member of the International Court System which was founded in 1965, to perform noble deeds in the United States, Mexico, and Canada.     Provides and promotes safe and entertaining social and charitable events for the GLBT community, straight friends and families in the Greater Washington DC area.     Promotes human rights and equality amongst the general public through performances, social get-togethers, educational outreach projects and other worthwhile events"	http://www.imperialcourtdc.org--newline--booth	The Intrepid Wendell	"The Intrepid Wendell is a gay-owned, gay-operated, and gay-proud business. We offer you the most supportive place anywhere to design your signature ring and buy your wedding gems. When Dan married his husband, it wasn’t easy or comfortable for him to design a wedding set. We know that it doesn’t have to be that way. We’ve been where you are now, and we want your experience to be easy and joyful. We would love to share your joy.     "	http://www.theintrepidwendell.com--newline--booth	The JBG Companies	"It is the mission of The JBG Companies to be a world-class investor, owner, developer and manager of real estate properties in the Washington Metropolitan Area. We seek to generate superior, risk-adjusted returns for our investors while actively mitigating risk. JBG is committed to being an engaged and responsible member of the communities in which we operate.   "	http://www.jbg.com--newline--booth	The Kennedy Center	"The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is America's living memorial to President Kennedy—presenting the greatest performers and performances from across America and around the world, nurturing new works and young artists, and serving as a leader in arts education."	http://www.kennedy-center.org--newline--booth	The Lesbian & Gay Big Apple Corps Marching Band	"The tagline ""Many Arts, One Heart"" tells the story of the Lesbian & Gay Big Apple Corps. Since its formation in 1979, this New York City based band of brothers and sisters has been making music and art for audiences across the United States and Canada. The recipient of dozens of awards, the Big Apple Corps Marching Band has been seen by millions in such diverse appearances as a parade to commemorate the bicentennial of George Washington's Inauguration, a performance in a church basement in Brooklyn, and concerts at Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall."	http://lgbac.org--newline--booth	The Nature Conservancy	"The mission of The Nature Conservancy is to conserve the lands and waters on which all life depends. We work in all 50 states and more than 35 countries around the world. After more than 60 years of on-the-ground action for conservation, the Conservancy is respected as an effective partner rooted in sound science and adept at bringing people of differing views and interests together to find and implement solutions to our planet’s greatest challenges."	http://nature.org--newline--booth	The New York Times	"Stop by The New York Times booth for up to 50% off home delivery and digital subscriptions!  Plus, receive a free gift with your subscription!  "	placeholder--newline--booth	The Phillips Collection	"Encounter superb works of modern art in a personal setting at The Phillips Collection, an internationally recognized museum in Washington's Dupont Circle neighborhood. Paintings by Renoir and Rothko, Bonnard and O'Keeffe, van Gogh and Diebenkorn are among the many stunning impressionist and modern works that fill the museum's distinctive building, which combines extensive new galleries with the family home of its founder, Duncan Phillips. The collection continues to develop with selective new acquisitions, many by contemporary artists. Special exhibitions and frequent changes in the arrangement of the permanent collection mean that there's something new on every visit to the Phillips."	http://www.phillipscollection.org/--newline--booth	The PrEP Clinic at Andromeda	"The PrEP Clinic at Andromeda is located in Washington, DC and offers comprehensive health services for the LGBT community. Our clinic will work with you to protect your health in ways that fit your needs. Our clinic offers comprehensive HIV treatment services, STI screenings, mental health services, substance use treatment, Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP), and primary care."	placeholder--newline--booth	The Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism	"The Religious Action Center (the RAC) serves as the social justice and legislative arm of the Union for Reform Judaism, whose 900 congregations across North America include 1.5 million Reform Jews, and the Central Conference of American Rabbis, whose membership includes more than 2,000 Reform rabbis. For over 50 years, the RAC had educated and mobilized the Reform Jewish community on over 70 different issues related to civil rights, economic justice and religious liberty."	http://rac.org/--newline--booth	The Sage Colleges	"To Be, To Know, To Do"	http://www.sage.edu--newline--booth	The Trevor Project	"Since 1998, The Trevor Project has provided life-saving crisis intervention and suicide prevention services to youth, especially those who are LGBTQ. Every day, young people in crisis connect to counselors through the Trevor’s free and accredited phone, instant message and text messaging services. Trevor also offers the world’s largest safe social networking community for LGBTQ youth, plus training for youth and adults, resources, and advocacy initiatives. Learn more at TheTrevorProject.org."	http://www.thetrevorproject.org--newline--booth	Thompson Creek Windows	"Leading local manufacturer and installer of custom windows, doors, gutters, and siding.  Largest Home Improvement company in the DC, Maryland, and Virginia.  "	http://thompsoncreek.com--newline--booth	Tifereth Israel Congregation	"We are a welcoming, egalitarian Conservative DC congregation. Come visit any Shabbat and stay for lunch! "	http://www.tifereth-israel.org/--newline--booth	Tish Mayne	"Kitchen Saver® has been in continuous operation since 1986, serving Maryland, DC and VA kitchen remodeling needs through both custom kitchen remodeling and through the innovative money-saving option of custom cabinet renewal. Kitchen Saver® is committed to transforming an outdated kitchen using superior quality materials, real product innovation, exceptional customer service, and smart value that will exceed the customer’s expectations!"	http://www.kitchensaver.com--newline--booth	Transgender Education Association (TGEA)	"Transgender support, education, and outreach association. We are a 501C non-profit Virgina corporation"	http://tgea.net--newline--booth	U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia	Local and federal prosecutor	placeholder--newline--booth	"U.S. Department of Justice, Civil Rights Division & U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission"	Federal Agencies that Enforce Federal Civil Rights Laws  	placeholder--newline--booth	"U.S. Department of Justice, Civil Rights Division and U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission "	ggkgki	placeholder--newline--booth	Uber	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	"Union, Dupont & Palisades Veterinary Clinics"	"We are 3 animal clinic located in Washington, DC"	http://www.unionvetclinic.com--newline--booth	"Unitarian Universalists of DC, Maryland, Virginia and the Washington Ethical Society"	"Unitarian Universalists and the Washington Ethical Society are congregations where people gather to nurture their spirits and put their faith into action by helping to make our communities, and the world, more just and fair. Experience transforming love at one of our congregations in DC, MD, or VA. Each congregation is different, yet all are united in common values of personal spiritual growth, inclusiveness, and social action."	http://www.baltwashuus.org--newline--booth	United Methodist Church	"Reconciling United Methodist Churches from the Washington, DC area."	http://www.foundryumc.org--newline--booth	"United States Armed Forces (DoD Military, Civilians, and families)"	DoD Pride represents the military and civilian personnel of the United States Armed Forces as well as our families.   	placeholder--newline--booth	Unity of Fairfax	"At Unity of Fairfax, we offer a welcoming, safe environment to explore one's own relationship with God in a community of like-minded individuals.  We welcome people of all creeds, sexual orientation and social background.  In Unity we don't tell people what to think; rather, we offer tools that individuals can use to create lives of meaning and purpose.  It’s an exciting time to be here because positive, empowering transformation is occurring!  First Service - 9:00 AM; Second Service and Youth Ed Classes - 11:00 AM; and Nursery & Child Care - 8:45 AM to 12:45 PM."	http://www.unityoffairfax.org/--newline--booth	US Census Bureau	"The Census Bureau's mission is to serve as the leading source of quality data about the nation's people and economy. We honor privacy, protect confidentiality, share our expertise globally, and conduct our work openly.    We are guided on this mission by scientific objectivity, our strong and capable workforce, our devotion to research-based innovation, and our abiding commitment to our customers.  "	http://www.census.gov--newline--booth	USTA Mid-Atlantic Section	"The USTA Mid-Atlantic Section, one of 17 sections of the United States Tennis Association, is a not-for-profit organization committed to promoting tennis by offering quality recreational and competitive programs for people of all ages and abilities. Our responsibility as the National Governing Body for the sport obligates us to identify and lead in removing barriers to allow us to be inclusive so that tennis reflects all of America."	http://www.midatlantic.usta.com/--newline--booth	Verizon FiOS 	"Verizon FiOS Internet, FiOS TV and Phone. With the fastest speeds in the country, FiOS Quantum Internet redefines high speed Internet. "	http://verizon.com/events--newline--booth	"Vincent Orange, Councilmember At-Large, Council of the District of Columbia"	"Vincent Orange, Councilmember At-Large, represents constituents from all eight ward of the District. He Chairs the Committee on Business, Consumer and Regulatory Affairs and has championed laws that increase minimum wages, the living wage and economic develop by supporting public policies that promote and strengthens small business and urban revitalization.  "	http://www.vincentorangedc.com/--newline--booth	Virginia Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce	"Established in 2014 and launching in 2015, the VGLCC seeks to diversify and strengthen Virginia’s economy by uniting the Commonwealth’s LGBT business community and integrating that dynamic demographic into the broader marketplace. Through the guiding principles of advocacy, collaboration, and education, the VGLCC aims to promote economic equality by serving as the nonpartisan voice of Virginia’s LGBT entrepreneurs, innovators, job creators, and their allies. In short, the VGLCC’s objective is to effectively weave the story of the LGBT community into the evolving narrative of Virginia’s diverse 21st century economy."	http://www.vglcc.org--newline--booth	Viridian	"Viridian Energy is a leading green energy supplier of electricity, natural gas, and solar, and has the industry expertise and resources to provide exceptional service to residential and commercial customers.  "	http://www.viridian.com/gogreenandsavegreenwithdea--newline--booth	Walgreens	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Wanda Alston Foundation 	"he Wanda Alston Foundation is dedicated to ensuring that LGBTQ youth have access to services that improve their overall quality of life. This is achieved through advocacy and programming. The Wanda Alston Foundation advocates for increased resources for youth while providing programs including: housing, life skills training, linkages to other social services, and capacity building. "	http://Wandaasltonfoundtion.org--newline--booth	Washington Animal Rescue League	"Now in it's 101st year, The Washington Animal Rescue League is the oldest  animal shelter in the District of Columbia.  Its mission continues to evolve as conditions change and animals face new and different challenges, but the core of that mission remains unchanged:  to honor and strengthen the human-animal bond by providing the best quality care for homeless dogs and cats, and supporting companion animals in their homes through affordable veterinary care, community outreach, and education.  WARL's Medical Center cares for our shelter animals as well as those from the general public. Making WARL your vet helps save more animals!"	http://www.warl.org--newline--booth	Washington Blade	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Washington Chiropractic	"Checking stresses on posture, motion and alligment"	http://www.washingtonchiropractic.net--newline--booth	Washington Humane Society	"The Washington Humane Society (WHS), the only Congressionally-chartered animal welfare agency in the United States, has been the area’s leading voice for animals since 1870. As the open-access shelter in the Nation’s Capital, the Washington Humane Society provides comfort and care to over 43,000 animals each year through adoption programs, low cost spay/neuter, aggressive trap-neuter-return for community cats, investigations of each allegation of animal cruelty and neglect, lost and found services, robust volunteer and foster care programs, and an award winning Humane Education program that teaches kindness to animals to the next generation of animal lovers."	http://washhumane.org--newline--booth	Washington National Cathedral	"Washington National Cathedral is committed to full equality for LGBT people everywhere. It welcomes and affirms lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people as active members of our community. As part of the Episcopal Church, all aspects of ministry—ordained and lay—are open to people regardless of sexual orientation. The Cathedral advocates for the rights and freedoms of LGBT people in faith communities and in our society. The Cathedral’s programs and the congregation’s local LGBT ministry group explore issues at the intersection of faith and sexuality."	http://cathedral.org--newline--booth	Washington Renegades Rugby Football Club	"The Washington Renegades,(dcrugby.com), the first rugby  club in North America to recruit gays, represents the D.C. area with rugby teams in Division III and  Division IV. The Renegades are members of USA Rugby and founding members of  International Gay Rugby (IGR).  The Club's Division III team is the  two-time Capital Rugby Union champion, and in 2014 the team advanced to the  national quarter/semi-finals -- a first for an IGR-member club.  The  Division IV side advanced to the Mid-Atlantic Conference semi-final in 2014 and  2015. Members of all levels of experience are always welcome.  Visit us at dcrugby.com or on Facebook.        "	http://www.dcrugby.com--newline--booth	Washington Scandals RFC	Test	placeholder--newline--booth	Washington Scandals Rugby Football Club	"The Scandals are a straight-friendly, gay rugby club focusing on developing new and experienced players and educating them in the sport of rugby. All experience and athletic levels welcomed."	http://www.scandalsrfc.org/--newline--booth	WeddingWire	"WeddingWire, Inc., the global category leader company serving the $200 billion international wedding and events industry, is the largest online vertical marketplace connecting engaged couples with event professionals. With more than 2 million consumer reviews, it is the industry leader in consumer reviews. The site enables engaged couples to search, compare and book from an extensive database of more than 200,000 recently reviewed event professionals, from venues to photographers. WeddingWire provides event professionals with the technology they need to serve their clients, including a SaaS platform, which powers advertising, marketing, and CRM needs of local wedding and events businesses nationwide. "	http://www.weddingwire.com--newline--booth	WeJustCleanUp	"If you need anything cleaned up 24hrs a day 7 days a week WeJustCleanUp is the ultimate solution for all your clean up needs. No job is to BIG OR SMALL when it comes to cleaning up anything. Our only goal is to be fast, reliable, and efficient every time at ONE FLAT RATE!"	http://www.wejustcleanup.com--newline--booth	Wells Fargo	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Whitman-Walker Health	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--booth	Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company	"Woolly Mammoth was founded in Washington, DC in 1980. Now in our 35th season, Woolly is “…the hottest theatre company in town” (The Washington Post, May 2008), “known for its productions of innovative new plays” (The New York Times, November 2007). We’ve garnered this reputation by holding fast to our unique mission: to ignite an explosive engagement between theatre artists and the community by developing, producing, and promoting new plays that explore the edges of theatrical style and human experience, and by implementing new ways to use the artistry of theatre to serve the people of Greater Washington, DC."	http://www.woollymammoth.net--newline--booth	Year Up National Capital Region 	"Year Up National Capital Region brings young adults from poverty to professional careers in only one year. Our information technology-focused workforce development program trains 18-24 year-olds in marketable job, life, and financial literacy skills. Students also obtain college credits and are placed on paid internships in top corporations. On average, 85% of our graduates are employed in livable-wage jobs and/or enrolled in college only four months after graduation."	http://www.yearup.org--newline--booth	Ziegfeld's & Secrets	"Ziegfeld's & Secrets, DC's Total Entertainment Complex for Adult Entertainment.  Featuring DC Legend Ella Fitzgerald every Saturday in Ziegfeld's, Ziegfeld's is open Fri & Sat's. and the Totally Nude Exotic Dancers of Secrets, Wed thru Sunday.... Doors open @ 9pm.  Car # 2  Miss Ziegfeld's 2015 Kristal Smith the Little Latin Goddess.  "	http://www.secretsdc.com--newline--booth	Zipcar	descriptionplaceholder	placeholder--newline--