Analytics	Do you have a passion for statistical analysis, big data analytics, pattern recognition, forecasting techniques, predictive modeling, modeling and simulation, operations research, data mining, data visualization, or other quantitative analysis techniques?

At Booz Allen you could use those skills to make an impact, to transform the way today’s leaders use data to make decisions about the world’s biggest, most complex challenges, such as effective healthcare research and delivery, efficient use of scarce natural resources, cybersecurity, data integration across defense and intelligence communities, military investment strategies, next generation transportation technologies, and financial stability.

Decision makers have collected huge amounts of data about all facets of these challenges. They now need new analytic approaches to leveraging all of the information and knowledge contained in the data to find the best answers.

That’s what we do in Analytics—develop innovative approaches to make sense out of all of the data and find the hidden patterns and structures that enable better decisions and help make a difference for generations to come—in healthcare, finance, transportation, energy, environment, cybersecurity, and defense.

At Booz Allen, you’ll work with some of the world’s top thought leaders in Analytics. You’ll be encouraged to refine your skills, develop new interests, become a subject matter expert, and even grow a business around a cutting edge new field. Regardless of the path you follow, you’ll make a real impact on the way our clients fulfill their missions.

Analytics professionals work on our clients’ most challenging problems, not just to solve them, but to create lasting results—to find the meaning behind data and offer insights for decisions that will shape the future.
	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/analytics-careers	image.png--newline--
Cloud	Do you have a passion for solving large, data complex problems? And the expertise to transform “big data” into mission success while balancing network and policy analytics, malware detection, and financial integrity?

At Booz Allen, you can make an impact by innovating the way today’s leaders use data to make decisions about the world’s biggest, most pressing challenges, including:

    Detecting tax fraud and abuse
    Reducing healthcare costs
    Cybersecurity
    Improving defense and intelligence analysis.

This is only part of what our Cloud-based Services professionals accomplish―focusing on answers to our client’s data-driven challenges. Our experts employ a dynamic matrix of cloud-based strategies and capabilities to provide integrated end-to-end solutions. By focusing on both top and bottom line business performance and adaptive engagement models, our coordinated approach helps clients to select the appropriate Cloud Strategy, establish a Cloud Infrastructure, enable Cloud Analytics, and meet needs for Cloud Applications and Data Management.

Leveraging domain expertise, cybersecurity know-how, advanced analytical techniques, and an understanding of cloud infrastructure, we help clients address their toughest data problems.

At Booz Allen, you’ll work with a team that merges cloud technology with the most advanced analytic techniques and is comprised of talented, highly skilled individuals working collaboratively to provide thought leadership and innovation to help drive the leading edge in Cloud-based Services. Our data scientists and cloud-based professionals work on our client’s most challenging problems, not just to solve them, but to find the meaning behind data, deriving insights for decisions that will shape the future.
	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/cloud-careers	image.png--newline--
Cyber	Cyber experts bring innovation, creativity, and unparalleled expertise to one of our world’s most pressing challenges—protecting critical infrastructure from rapidly moving threats and developing strategies to safeguard valuable assets, sensitive data, and information systems.

At Booz Allen, we're shaping the future of Cybersecurity. Our highly skilled Cyber professionals provide robust cybersecurity solutions to a broad range of clients and across sectors—including defense, health, intelligence, transportation, energy, civil government, law enforcement, and homeland security—enabling them to confidently pursue the opportunities offered by the cyber revolution.

And we're looking for elite specialists who are ready for a Cyber career that's something truly extraordinary.

Booz Allen recognizes that cybersecurity is a complex, multifaceted challenge requiring a multidimensional response. While technology is an important starting point, Booz Allen views the cyber challenge in a much broader context—we see it as a mission integration challenge.

Booz Allen has Cyber career opportunities for candidates with the specialized knowledge and technical skills to make a difference.  At Booz Allen Hamilton, talented professionals find an unmatched opportunity to become their absolute best — to do important work, with exceptional colleagues, in a firm dedicated to the spirit of service.  In return, we expect a high level of performance and passion to deliver enduring results for our clients.

    Excellence at Work—We take pride in the fact that our work supports the health, security, and well being of our nation by helping clients solve their toughest problems and achieve their missions
    Exceptional People—Our team of thought leaders, technical experts and talented achievers embody professionalism and uncompromised Core Values. You won't find a more  talented, collegial group of colleagues anywhere
    Spirit of Service—We take pride in working hard to deliver outstanding results - for our communities as well as our clients	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/cyber-careers	image.png--newline--
Energy	From the corner office to the oval office, avoiding the alarming effects of climate change while maintaining secure, reliable, and—most crucially—affordable sources of energy is the signature challenge for a generation of leaders. With further use of conventional energy technologies and delivery systems constrained by unacceptable trade-offs between these core objectives, new paradigms are needed. And while this next generation in energy innovation will require a combination of breakthrough technologies, smart policy, creative programming, and bold investment, the actual path to achieving them has yet to be fully illuminated.

Integrated Perspective

As a global leader in providing consulting services to both industry and government over many decades, Booz Allen Hamilton is uniquely positioned to assist the advanced energy industry in researching, developing, and implementing critical energy programs. With a clientele that has included senior executives at major global energy firms, research and development organizations, and the world’s largest energy consumers, we can provide the analytics and insights that both define successful strategies and assure their effective implementation.
Expert, Passionate, Collaborative

Booz Allen’s primary mission is to help clients succeed, and we do this by being at the forefront of recruiting, retaining, and rewarding the best talent in the market. Our staff brings strong industry knowledge, a passion for delivering solutions that work, and a collaborative working style that ensures smooth integration with client teams and full leveraging of firmwide expertise.
The Markets We Serve

Booz Allen serves clients working through in virtually every major technology area and mission need. Our main service activities fall into four general areas, often used in an integrated fashion:

    Program Strategy and Development—Booz Allen supports the creation, strategic vision, and management of programs designed to develop multiple technology areas, including plug-in hybrid vehicles, biofuels, renewable electricity, carbon capture & storage, and energy efficient technologies, among others.
    Energy Modeling—Booz Allen provides data-driven analysis using a variety of quantitative analyses. These range from models of the energy economy such as NEMS and ASPEN to supply chain, statistical, and financial feasibility analyses.
    Energy Management—Booz Allen works with organizations to develop and execute strategies that enable major energy users to incorporate energy efficency and renewable energy into their operations on a cost-effective and mission-compatible basis.
    Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Security—Booz Allen also supports the efforts of the Departments of Defense and Energy to work with partners worldwide to assure the safe and peaceful use and management of nuclear materials.
	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/energy-consulting-careers	image.png--newline--
Health	Whether the focus is on efficient and cost-effective delivery; securing electronic medical records; protecting patient privacy; treating the nation’s Wounded Warriors; or eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse; health care and health reform are engaging some of the world’s greatest thinkers and doers. Many of them are at Booz Allen.

We’re looking for dedicated professionals with the passion to tackle the difficult challenges that face today’s health care industry. The work we do is at the center of health care reform and transformation, often involving the kinds of high-visibility projects that garner media attention.

Regardless of your functional expertise, we can help you apply it to some of the nation’s—and the world’s—most pressing health issues. Our work covers the full spectrum of the market, applying leading edge technology and thought leadership to every aspect of the health care industry. We serve public, private, and nonprofit health-related organizations with services in analytics, technology, strategy and organization, human capital, research, economics, clinical practice, and other areas.

You’ll work with industry leaders who are already making a difference for our clients and the people they serve. And you’ll work side by side with capability experts from across the firm, blending your expertise with theirs to offer comprehensive solutions to client problems.

At Booz Allen Hamilton, talented professionals find an unmatched opportunity to become their absolute best — to do important work, with exceptional colleagues, in a firm dedicated to the spirit of service.
	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/health-consulting-careers	image.png--newline--
Information Technology	Make a difference. Work with highly talented colleagues. Advance the state of information technology. Receive recognition and rewards for a job well done. If you're ready to do important work, with exceptional colleagues, in a firm dedicated to the spirit of service, now is the time to explore the many career opportunities in IT at Booz Allen Hamilton.

The name “Booz Allen Hamilton” is synonymous with excellence—whether it appears on your business card or resume.

The US Government IT team sponsors full-day events across the firm’s geographies that gather leading functional experts to discuss emerging technologies, assess potential market impact, and develop plans to incorporate our learning into the business.

Booz Allen staff have formed more than 15 Technology Focus Groups relating specifically to IT.  Team members have access to roughly 4,000 documents in our comprehensive knowledge management repository related to IT strategy, architecture and design, systems development, enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, and IT infrastructure.	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/it-careers	image.png--newline--
Strategic Innovation	Booz Allen is investing in and building new capabilities in critical areas to bring innovation to our clients. This ambitious initiative, Booz Allen’s Strategic Innovation Group, draws from a dynamic, imaginative team of creative thinkers who are driving change across markets with breakthrough ideas.

“By investing in our people, we can unlock the innovative and entrepreneurial capacity within each of them.” — Karen Dahut, executive vice president, Booz Allen’s Strategic Innovation Group

Nothing new can be accomplished if we all think the same way―that’s why our experts share new thinking, new ideas, and new concepts to help clients reimagine how things can be done. By daring to be different, and applying those insights to real-world challenges, Booz Allen partners with organizations to achieve levels of performance and mission success that may now be out of reach.

We provide clients with inspired thinking, and we’re looking for team members who are ready to think—and work―differently. Across Booz Allen, we’re committed to developing innovative people programs designed to:

    Enable our staff to build careers in line with their professional and personal goals
    Encourage team members to share their ideas and help Booz Allen continue to change the game for clients and drive positive, lasting impact
    Build on our consulting heritage with next generation solutions
    Inspire a new generation of Booz Allen consultants
    Enrich both employees’ own technical expertise and grow our firmwide capabilities through active collaboration, idea sharing, and dialogue
    Empower a diverse, brilliant workforce to drive innovative thinking and problem solving

If your passion and prowess lie in Next-gen Analytics, Cloud Computing, and Data Science—and you’re inspired to develop innovative solutions that produce influential results―check out some of our Strategic Innovation careers in statistical analysis, big data analytics, pattern recognition, forecasting techniques, predictive modeling, modeling and simulation, operations research, data mining, data visualization, or other quantitative analysis techniques.	boozallen.com/careers/top-jobs/strategic-innovation-careers	image.png