Carly Rae Jepsen	carly-rae-jepsen.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Carly Rae Jepsen is a multi-platinum, Canadian singer/songwriter whose musical success awarded her Grammy nominations."	fb.com/Carlyraejepsen--newline--Wilson Phillips	wilson-phillips.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	Wilson Phillips is a three woman American vocal group that debuted in 1990; they won the 1990 Billboard Music Award and were nominated for four Grammy Awards and two American Music Awards.	fb.com/wilsonphillipsmusic--newline--En Vogue	en-vogue.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"En Vogue is an American R&B girl group who began in 1989 and won seven MTW Video Music Awards, five Soul Train Awards, six American Music Awards, and seven Grammy nominations."	fb.com/envogue--newline--Katy Tiz	katy-tiz.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Katy Tiz is a British pop singer/songwriter whose cover of Rock Mafia's ""The Big Bang"" was so successful it  entered the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 and Billboard Hot 100 and landed her a deal with Atlantic Records."	fb.com/KatyTizMusic--newline--Amber	amber.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Amber is a Dutch-born German singer/songwriter who is best known for the hits ""This is Your Night"", ""If You Could Read My Mind"", and ""Sexual (Li Da Di)""; she is also a label owner and executive producer."	fb.com--newline--Rupaul's Drag Race Finalist: Ginger Minj	ginger-minj.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Ginger Minj, played by Joshua Eads-Brown, is a contestant on ""RuPaul's Drag Race"" who has been praised for her vibrance and body image empowerment."	fb.com/thegingerminj--newline--Rupaul's Drag Race Finalist: Violet Chachki	violet-chachki.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Violet Chachki, played by Jason Dardo, is a contestant on ""RuPaul's Drag Race"" who is known for her 18 inch corseted waist."	fb.com/VioletChachkiOfficial--newline--Ella Fitzgerald & Miss Ziegfeld's 2015 Kristal Smith	pride-alliance.png	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	Night club offering all-male nude dancers & drag shows in a convivial atmosphere.	fb.com/menofsecrets--newline--EnKore Dance Company	enkore.png	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	EnKore Dance Company is a group of talented young people who see dance as an opportunity to show the world what they're made of and showcase their talents.	fb.com/enkore.dance--newline--Freddies Follies	freddies-follies.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	Freddies Follies is a weekly show at Freddies Beach Bar & Restaurant in Arlington; the show is hosted by drag queen Destiny B. Childs.	fb.com/freddies.follies--newline--Gay Men's Chorus of Washington	gmcw.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"The Gay MenÍs Chorus of Washington delights audiences and champions gay equality with robust artistry, fun, and surprise."	fb.com/GayMensChorusofWashington--newline--Jessi Malay	jessi-malay.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Jessi Malay is an American singer/songwriter and entrepreuner; she is currently working on her latest album, serving as a celebrity ambassador for ASAS-LA, hosting for ModaMob, and collaborating with several fashion brands for her MyWhiteT blog."	fb.com/JessiMalay--newline--Michelle Raymond Band	michelle-raymond.png	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	Michelle Raymond is an LGBT artist whose band has reached #1 on Reverbnations Folk Music Charts in Washington DC eight times over the past two years; she has opened for numerous Grammy Award Winners and Pop Artists.	fb.com/MRAYBAND--newline--Night Runners	night-runners.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"The Night Runners, Richard Mason and Laz, are Miami natives who were finalists on Season One of ""The X Factor""; their music is inspired by the Miami nightlife."	fb.com/TheNightRunnersMusic--newline--Sarah Peacock	sarah-peacock.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Sarah Peacock is a country-rock singer/songwriter and multi instrumentalist who is known for her distinct, ""smoky"" voice; she comes from a musical family and experienced much success in 2014."	fb.com/StalkThePeacock--newline--Team Peaches	team-peaches.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"Team Peaches is a group started by Peaches, a once amateur drag queen, that is dedicated to using entertainment as a medium to spread messages of acceptance, expression, and growth in humankind as a whole not just in individuals."	fb.com/TeamPeachesDC--newline--DJ TWiN	dj-twin.jpg	Capitol Concert Stage	0:00pm	"DJ TWiN is a self-taught DJ with an actual twin whose music blends tribal, circuit, and mainstream remixes; his music is meant to keep his listener's moving."	fb.com/djtwin504--newline--Billy Winn	billy-winn.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Billy Winn is a singer, songwriter, recording artist, and performer from Washington DC, who has spent the past twenty-four months captivating audiences all across the East Coast and United States Midwest. His live shows have been described as exciting and energetic„as he combines fashion with his sexy dance routines and electrifying presence„giving his audiences a thrilling musical experience. - See more at: http://www.billywinn.com/bio/#sthash.8D5Piqa1.dpuf"	fb.com/BillyWinnMusic--newline--DC Gurly Show	dcgs.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"The DC Gurly Show is DCÍs longest running Queer Burlesque Troupe. Our mission is to foster an encouraging and supportive community of performers and fans in and around the NationÍs Capital. DCGS welcomes all shapes, sizes, colors, and orientations, and is an open, safe space for novice and seasoned performers to grow. We have been an active burlesque troupe for 9 years, and our 10 year anniversary is fast approaching!"	fb.com/DCGurly--newline--Garek	garek.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"IÍd like to introduce the newest member of the Rock and Roll Freak Show. Meet Garek, whose vicious pop-rock music and artfully degenerate style could be blowing up very soon."	fb.com/savegarek--newline--The Glamazons	glamazons.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"The Glamazons came to fame in season 2 of the NBC hit show ""America's Got Talent"" when they rocketed in grand fashion from auditions to the Top 8 out of 10,000 contestants. For 8 weeks in a row, 25 million viewers watched and voted for the Glamazons."	fb.com/Glamazons--newline--DC Front Runners	dcfr.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"DC Front Runners is a running, walking and social club serving Washington DC's LGBT community andætheiræfriendsæfor over 30 years. Membership is open to all people regardless of age, gender, race, pace or sexual orientation. Visitors are always welcome."	fb.com/groups/18721973308--newline--Mana	mana.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Los orÕgenes de Manà se remontan a un grupo musical llamado Sombrero Verde, cuyos integrantes Jos_ Fernando (Fher) Olvera, como voz; Gustavo Orozco, a la guitarra el_ctrica; y los hermanos Calleros: Juàn Diego, al bajo, Ulises, a la guitarra el_ctrica y Abraham, a la baterÕa eran originarios de Guadalajara."	fb.com/mana--newline--MelJade	mel-jade.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Mel Jade is a singer and songwriter. She was born in Melbourne, Australia and is half Dutch and half Australian in Nationality. Her first release Aliens was a remix with Pretty Boys from Saint Tropez."	fb.com/meljademusic--newline--Mr. EOY (Matthew J. Kelly)	eoy.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Florida Regional Entertainer Of The Year is promoted by: Josh MaywaltFlorida Regional EOY 2015 will be held March 29th @ The Honey Pot, Tampa."	fb.com/FLRegionalEOY--newline--Mr. Cobalt (Brian J. Kelly)	pride-alliance.png	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Cobalt has been setting the standard for years. Still wildly popular today, the ñplace to be seenî keeps it fresh and innovative with an unparalleled lineup of the cityÍs most eclectic DJs, electric parties, and a staff that has all the class without the attitude."	fb.com/cobaltdc--newline--Oasis Dance Company	oasis-dance-company.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"OASIS is an award winning dance company in CT & DC! Two locations one vision of Love & Social Justice. Love, Eat, Breathe, DANCE! "	fb.com/OasisDanceCompany--newline--Ragin' Love	ragin-love.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Ragin' Love is a rock band out of Roanoke, Virginia.Allen Beard: Guitar/VocalsFaron Young: Bass/VocalsGabe Anderson: DrumsZane Campbell: Guitar"	fb.com/RaginLove--newline--Run Jenny	run-jenny.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Run Jenny, the explosive, all-female, commercial-pop, alternative-rock infused band is planned to hit the original music scene in 2014. Although newly formed, Run Jenny has over 13+ years of performance experience in consisting of members of Sister Funk, the longstanding nationally recognized band. "	fb.com/Runrunjenny--newline--Shadina	shadina.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"I am the god daughter of Otis Williams the cerator and leader of The Temptations.  Winner of the DMV Awards R&B 2010, The Baltimore Crown Award 2011, The Baltimore Music Awards 2012/2013 Best Vocalist."	fb.com/TEAMSHADINA--newline--Shenna & the Dreamers	shenna.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"SHENNA is an Indie-Pop/R&B singer, songwriter, actress, and model who discovered her talents at a young age but started performing in showcases at the age of 7. On May 20, 2014, she released her first major project entitled ""Dream In Color"", produced by Austin Bello from the band Forever The Sickest Kids. Dream In Color held the number one spot on bandcamp in DC, MD, and VA for several months."	fb.com/ShennasMusic--newline--TeeJay Johnson	tj.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Poet, Actor, Dancer, Playwright, and Musician Tamicka ""TeeJay"" Johnson or ""Inspired Visions"" has been performing from the tender age of five. Having performed in Bermuda, The United Kingdom, The United States and France, TeeJay comes to us from Bermuda by way of London. She is the now the Creator and Director of innovative new LGBTQ Series Refracted Reflections - www.facebook.com/refractedreflections Having completed a stint directing the series StudvilleTV."	fb.com/InspiredVisionsEnt--newline--Town & Country	town-and-country.com	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Town & Country is a joint venture into Americana by LA singer/frontman Rob Shapiro and songwriter/producer Brian Woodbury. Joined by a host of top flight pickers and pluckers and spurred by a love for country music, coming slightly out of left field. DonÍt you want a little town in your country?"	fb.com/towncountryband--newline--Wicked Jezebel	wicked-jezebel.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Washington DC's ONLY award winning all female band since 2004, now touring the Mid-Atlantic! Always get the scoop! Davi Anson-Dross, Pauline Anson-Dross, Sandy Dumas, Heather Haze, Ann Cioffi and Patty Dougherty! Also Elaine Giles on ""Sound""!"	fb.com/pages/Wicked-Jezabel--newline--Drag Cabaret	pride-alliance.png	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	Drag Caberet	fb.com/CapitalPrideDC--newline--DJ Deedub	dj-deedub.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Born in Fairfax, Virginia, Deedub started her music career as a classically trained pianist. Since graduating with a degree in Neuroscience from William & Mary, she has been honing her craft as a DJ and producer._Deedub is a Top 40, EDM (electronic dance music), and Hip Hop DJ based in the Washington DC Metro Area. She is one of the fastest rising DJÍs in DC and hailed as one of its brightest new stars. Her sound is eclectic, combining the newest music seamlessly with older classic songs. Winner of the DJ Battle for Her HRC in DC, she has garnered an immediate following from all over DC and the metropolitan region."	fb.com/DjDeeDub--newline--DJ Andre Gutarra	dj-gutarra.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	Love music...I hope one day to be a dj/entertainer to the mass crowd. Martial arts is my favorite hobbie.	fb.com/andre.musicdj--newline--DJ Vodkatrina	dj-vodkatrina.jpg	Monument Festival Stage	0:00pm	"Learning to DJ in the clubs in front of a live audience, Vodkatrina has been packing dance floors for over 4 years, and hasn't looked back. Baltimore City born and bred, club music runs in her veins. Her mixes are a fun variety of club, 90's jock jams, Motown, pop, mash-ups, and crazy surprises all over. Resident DJ at SHE Production's monthly party Rehab, you can also find Vodkatrina throwing down tunes a couple times a month at The Ottobar as well. Oh yeah, and she really likes vodka."	fb.com/DJvodkatrina--newline--DJ Jacq Jill	dj-jj.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	12:00pm	Engineer Producer DJ Dreamer in the District. Science Club<>930 Backbar<>Wonderland Ballroom<>Capital Pride<>Zeba Bar<>Chief Ike's<>Mission<>Paolos	fb.com--newline--DJ Sidekick	dj-sidekick.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	1:00pm	"From Hagerstown, MD Tim, DJ Sidekick spins music regularly at The Lodge. æGenres include Electronic, Top 40, and Hip Hop. æDuring the day Tim works for a local television station doing filming and editing."	fb.com/DJSidekickMD--newline--DJ Lemz	dj-lemz.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	2:00pm	"As a producer, Lemz slides between a myriad of genres with a grace enviable by many. His original productions pull from Electro, Progressive House, Baltimore Club, Techno, Industrial, Minimal, Deep House, and straight up pop music - sometimes all on a single tune. At the tender age of 13, when most of us were preoccupied about sitting at the ""cool table"" in the cafeteria, Lemz was teaching himself to DJ. The California native was playing show he couldn't attend as a mere audience member. Lemz was playing in clubs when you were still in your backyard clubhouses."	fb.com/DJLemzmusic--newline--DJ Jason Royce	dj-jr.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	3:00pm	"DJ Royce is a resident DJ at Cobalt, one of DCÍs most popular nightclubs, and heÍs been named Best DJ in the nationÍs capital two years running by the Washington Blade newspaper."	fb.com/jasonroyce--newline--DJ Keenan Orr	dj-kr.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	4:00pm	"Entranced by DC's underground rave culture, Vienna, Va. native DJ Keenan (aka Keenan Orr) burst onto the area's house music scene in the mid-nineties. In 2003, Orr began working at Metatacks Studios, the only studio in DC dedicated to Electronic Dance Music. Here, Orr became involved with XM Satellite Radio, where he and fellow DJ Dimitri Max hosted a show called ""Launch Pad."" On air for two hours every Sunday night, Launch Pad was broadcasted to over four million listeners across the U.S. and Canada."	fb.com/djKeenanOrr--newline--DJ Rosie	dj-rosie.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	5:00pm	"Coming from Baltimore, DJ Rosie can be heard weekly at Club Hippo for their infamous Thursday Hip Hop night. A newer event to her monthly schedule is Ladies Night every 1st Saturday at Mixers Bar in Baltimore and Ladies and Friends night Hosted by Friends with Benefits every Last Friday at Club Hippo, Baltimore. She is also no stranger to the Washington, DC area with monthly appearances at Cobalt for BARE with the Ladies of Lure. With over 13 years in the game and spinning a diverse blend of Hip Hop, Top 40 and Old school, DJ Rosie has earned her reputation as the one to keep you moving! "	fb.com/DJRosieFans--newline--DJ Madscience	dj-ms.jpg	Dupont Dance Tent	6:00pm	"The childhood of Jesse Jackson (aka DJ MadScience) was full of a wide variety of musical influences. From his aunt's classical taste, to his sister's disco records, to the popular hip-hop of the time, Jackson developed quite an eclectic ear. His current production projects and DJ-ing envelope the sounds from the circuit sounds of the Nation days to the progressive house heard today. æAs for DJ MadScience, this brainchild of Jackson came about in the fall of 2010. Since then, he has been spinning his diverse sound and working on remixes with mainstream artists and other DJs like Drew G. He has worked his magic in a multitude of clubs all over the east coast including headlining at Baltimore Pride. Hear his crazy pop-house-electro sound at Town!"	fb.com/TheRealDJMadScience