oculus.png	Oculus	John Cloutier	cloutier_john@bah.com	The Oculus is super cool.  I promise.	boozallen.com--newline--
pixelsense.png	PixelSense	John Cloutier	cloutier_john@bah.com	The PixelSense is super cool.  I promise.	boozallen.com--newline--
drone.png	Human Detection and Rescue System	Andrew Linn	linn_andrew@bah.com	Human search-and-rescue scenarios bring a host of complications and risks‚ they’re time-sensitive, dangerous, and resource-intensive. Whether on the ground, at sea, or in urban environments, rescue teams and law enforcement officials must conduct manual searches, often by foot, and put themselves in dangerous situations. To mitigate risk, responders often rely on manned aircraft for their searching needs. Yet while manned aircraft can cover large amounts of area quickly and relatively safely, they require pilots and are expensive to purchase, insure, and maintain. Searchers, rescuers, and responders need better technology that will not only reduce risk, but also work faster and free up human resources.

The HDRS is Booz Allen Hamilton’s solution to answer those needs. The HDRS is a specialized Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) developed with the most cutting-edge robotics technology. It drastically cuts the costs of search-and-rescue efforts, speeds up in-field operations, and provides new detection capabilities that humans simply can’t offer. Built with an imperative to save human lives and resources, the HDRS transforms the future of search-and-rescue technology.

More Capabilities at Lower Costs
Booz Allen developed the HDRS system using the latest in robotics technology. The HDRS is a portable, vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) UAV that can autonomously search specified areas of interest for the presence of living persons.  It uses a FLIR infrared camera to see where the human eye cannot, and can quickly navigate large, dangerous areas that people and search dogs can’t access. It operates under complete autonomy, delivering alerts and executing search and rescue instructions automatically and independently.  The HDRS is not just a piece of hardware; it’s a new, mechanical member of your response team.

The HDRS is easy to set up and deploy. Once a remote operator specifies a search area, the HDRS acts on its own, without any further assistance. It can automatically take off, fly over a designated area, determine the location of living persons, and land back at its original launch site for further instructions, data downloads, or a battery recharge. When the HDRS system detects a human being in its search area, it wirelessly transmits the target‚ GPS location, as well as images and videos, back to operators on the ground. The HDRS acts as the eyes in the sky‚ and aerial envoy for search-and-rescue teams, freeing responders on the ground to better analyze and respond.

LESS RISK, MORE RESOURCES
The HDRS eliminates the need for skilled human pilots, and thus mitigates associated pilot safety risks. It flies completely on its own, and can automatically take off and land. Traditionally, training a licensed pilot to operate a manned aerial vehicle is costly and time-consuming. The HDRS removes the possibility of pilot injuries, and reduces the risk of crashing the UAV and damaging itself, people, or property. It does not tie up any human resources to operate, and frees up response personnel to focus on critical decision-making instead of manually operating an aerial vehicle.

LONGER FLIGHTS OVER LARGER AREAS
Booz Allen is using the latest in battery technology to outfit the HDRS with a battery that will provide flight times in the range of 45 minutes to 1 hour. This allows the UAV to search from the air for longer periods of time, and, in turn, expands the total search area that the UAV can cover. With more time in the air and more distance covered, this critically increases the likelihood that the HDRS successfully detects people on the ground.

PORTABILITY
The small size and vertical takeoff and landing capability allows the HDRS to travel easily. It fits in the trunk of a vehicle and deploys from flat surfaces, needing only 3 feet of diameter to take off. This makes it easy for anybody to transport the UAV and immediately deploy the system in even the most complex, austere outdoor environments.

LOWER COSTS
All of the HDRS’ advanced search capabilities come at a cost significantly lower than current manned aircraft capabilities. The HDRS carries none of the traditional costs associated with manned aerial vehicles, which typically include pilot salaries, storage, fuel, and purchase and maintenance. Moreover, its autonomy frees up operations labor and allows you to spend money elsewhere, on the resources you need most.	boozallen.com