drone	Human Detection and Rescue System	Andrew Linn	linn_andrew@bah.com	Human search-and-rescue scenarios bring a host of complications and risksâ theyÕre time-sensitive, dangerous, and resource-intensive. Whether on the ground, at sea, or in urban environments, rescue teams and law enforcement officials must conduct manual searches, often by foot, and put themselves in dangerous situations. To mitigate risk, responders often rely on manned aircraft for their searching needs. Yet while manned aircraft can cover large amounts of area quickly and relatively safely, they require pilots and are expensive to purchase, insure, and maintain. Searchers, rescuers, and responders need better technology that will not only reduce risk, but also work faster and free up human resources.

The HDRS is Booz Allen HamiltonÕs solution to answer those needs. The HDRS is a specialized Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) developed with the most cutting-edge robotics technology. It drastically cuts the costs of search-and-rescue efforts, speeds up in-field operations, and provides new detection capabilities that humans simply canÕt offer. Built with an imperative to save human lives and resources, the HDRS transforms the future of search-and-rescue technology.

More Capabilities at Lower Costs
Booz Allen developed the HDRS system using the latest in robotics technology. The HDRS is a portable, vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) UAV that can autonomously search specified areas of interest for the presence of living persons.  It uses a FLIR infrared camera to see where the human eye cannot, and can quickly navigate large, dangerous areas that people and search dogs canÕt access. It operates under complete autonomy, delivering alerts and executing search and rescue instructions automatically and independently.  The HDRS is not just a piece of hardware; itÕs a new, mechanical member of your response team.

The HDRS is easy to set up and deploy. Once a remote operator specifies a search area, the HDRS acts on its own, without any further assistance. It can automatically take off, fly over a designated area, determine the location of living persons, and land back at its original launch site for further instructions, data downloads, or a battery recharge. When the HDRS system detects a human being in its search area, it wirelessly transmits the targetâ GPS location, as well as images and videos, back to operators on the ground. The HDRS acts as the eyes in the skyâ and aerial envoy for search-and-rescue teams, freeing responders on the ground to better analyze and respond.

LESS RISK, MORE RESOURCES
The HDRS eliminates the need for skilled human pilots, and thus mitigates associated pilot safety risks. It flies completely on its own, and can automatically take off and land. Traditionally, training a licensed pilot to operate a manned aerial vehicle is costly and time-consuming. The HDRS removes the possibility of pilot injuries, and reduces the risk of crashing the UAV and damaging itself, people, or property. It does not tie up any human resources to operate, and frees up response personnel to focus on critical decision-making instead of manually operating an aerial vehicle.

LONGER FLIGHTS OVER LARGER AREAS
Booz Allen is using the latest in battery technology to outfit the HDRS with a battery that will provide flight times in the range of 45 minutes to 1 hour. This allows the UAV to search from the air for longer periods of time, and, in turn, expands the total search area that the UAV can cover. With more time in the air and more distance covered, this critically increases the likelihood that the HDRS successfully detects people on the ground.

PORTABILITY
The small size and vertical takeoff and landing capability allows the HDRS to travel easily. It fits in the trunk of a vehicle and deploys from flat surfaces, needing only 3 feet of diameter to take off. This makes it easy for anybody to transport the UAV and immediately deploy the system in even the most complex, austere outdoor environments.

LOWER COSTS
All of the HDRSÕ advanced search capabilities come at a cost significantly lower than current manned aircraft capabilities. The HDRS carries none of the traditional costs associated with manned aerial vehicles, which typically include pilot salaries, storage, fuel, and purchase and maintenance. Moreover, its autonomy frees up operations labor and allows you to spend money elsewhere, on the resources you need most.	boozallen.com--newline--
paton	Patton Museum AR Experience	John Cloutier	cloutier_john@bah.com	As part of the reconstruction of the General George Patton Museum of Leadership, Booz Allen used innovative technologies to enhance the museum visitor experience, creating a dialogue exploring the values embodied by great leaders throughout history. Booz Allen built a mobile museum companion that uses augmented reality to overlay historical photographs, video, and gesture-based 3D content through the museum, affording visitors the ability to directly interact with the exhibits.

In one exhibit while standing on the floor markers visitors can take a photo with Patton himself. The AR app let's the visitors jump back in time AND get a free souvenir.	boozallen.com--newline--
oculus.png	CelluVR Virtual Reality Experience	John Cloutier	cloutier_john@bah.com	Overview
A 3D Virtual Reality tour of the human circulatory system which allows a user to see the bodyÕs vessels and heart through a virtual nanobot, with an informative heads-up-display, gaze-based speed controls, and studio-quality narration and sound.

Benefits
A fully-immersive, interactive experience that allows individuals to:
Learn about the human circulatory system
Be more engaged in educational content than would be otherwise possible
Experience a simulation of an activity that would be prohibitively expensive or dangerous outside VR	boozallen.com--newline--
capsid	CAPSID AR Prototype	John Cloutier	cloutier_john@bah.com	Overview
A mobile and desktop-based augmented reality application which allows for the molecule to be rendered in 3D and augmented with information tags and pointers.

Benefits
Visual tagging of salient surfaces
Ability to convert protein data bank (.pdb) files into 3D models via 3D modeling tools
Cloud-driven processes for model conversion, AR marker preparation, and inclusion of additional molecular models within one application	boozallen.com--newline--
vampire	VAMPIREª	John Cloutier	vampire@bah.com	Performing Onsite, Real-Time Mobile Forensic Collection
Analysis, and Identification

Who was here? Did your suspect touch this? Are these two prints the same? VAMPIREª answers these tough questions in seconds with real-time professional grade capture and matching of latent and live fingerprints. VAMPIREª is a rugged IP65 mobile platform built around state-of-the-art Android technology. With its fast Òpoint-and-shootÓ latent image acquisition, VAMPIREª doesnÕt require expert forensic training for professional evidence collection and ID. VAMPIREª reduces workloads and lab costs, and with its triage capabilities it saves time in the field Ð operators and technicians can prioritize evidence in real-time.	

Latent to Latent
Who was here? With multiple on-board visible and UV forensic light sources, VAMPIREª captures dusted latent fingerprint images directly from practically any surface. VAMPIREª eliminates the need to use lifting tape, which minimizes the common problem of damaging latent prints. VAMPIREª performs Latent-to-Latent, real-time matching across evidence at (or across) scenes and sites.

Latent to Live
Did that suspect touch this? VAMPIREª conducts on-site, Live-to-Latent comparisons using an integrated scanner to acquire fingerprints from a live subject. Know immediately whether the persons of interest at your scene were involved.

Live or Latent to Watch List Matching
Are these two prints the same? Whether operating with live or latent images, VAMPIREª exports and imports ANSI/NIST ITL EBTS-compliant fingerprint data to build an on-board watch list, and it can be integrated with external databases. Live and latent fingerprint matching against watch lists provides immediate, high-confidence identification of individuals who may be present at the scene, or the object of your search.	boozallen.com/vampire